Dear Stockholders, 
As we reﬂect on the past year, I am pleased to share the strong progress and achievements of PDF Solutions in 
2024. Our company has continued to thrive amidst the dynamic and challenging landscape of the 
semiconductor industry, demonstrating resilience, innovation, and strategic foresight. 
Current Environment and Challenges 
The semiconductor industry has had to evolve as Moore’s law decelerates, artiﬁcial intelligence (AI) drives 
industry growth, and geopolitical issues impact the production and sale of integrated circuits (ICs). This 
evolution has included advancements in chip architecture, materials, and manufacturing processes. T o 
navigate geopolitical uncertainties and a complex macroenvironment , the industry has accelerated geographic 
diversiﬁcation in production locations . As such, secure collaboration , AI, and autom ation are even more 
important. Our recent acquisition of secureWISE®, the leading remote connectivity solution for semiconductor 
equipment, extends our platform and enables real -time, secure collaboration across the ecosystem —
connecting fabs, equipment makers, and fabless companies at the data level. 
2024 Accomplishments 
PDF Solutions has positioned itself at the forefront of the semiconductor industry transformations, leveraging 
our secure, data -centric platform to empower stakeholders across the semiconductor ecosystem to innovate 
in technology development, accelerate volume ramp, and control production . In 2024, this led us to deliver 
record ﬁnancial performance: 
• Total revenue s: $179.5 million 
(up 8% from 2023) 
• GAAP gross margin: 70% 
• Non -GAAP gross margin: 74% • Analytics revenue: $169.3 million (up 
11%; now 94% of total revenue s) 
• GAAP diluted EPS: $0.10 
• Non -GAAP diluted EPS: $0.84 
• Year -end backlog: $221.4 million 
Our growth in 2024 was driven by the growing adoption of our Exensio® analytics platform, particularly in 
Manufacturing Analytics and Process Control, and our eProbe® technology. Additionally, we began rolling out 
our Sapience ™ Manufacturing Hub at a major foundry, integrating factory systems with enterprise IT to 
accelerate digital transformation. In 2024, we also hosted our inaugural AI Executive Conference, bringing 
together over 75 organizations to explore AI’s role in semiconductor manufacturing. The c onsensus was clear: 
the industry requires a secure, purpose -built platform to unlock AI’s full potential. The conference included 
demonstrations on how AI is transforming semiconductor testing, in particular for 3D hybrid devices. 
Looking Ahead 
Despite global uncertainties, our momentum is strong. PDF Solutions operates on a global basis with local 
execution, designed to address our customers ’ needs . With trusted customer relationships and a differentiated 
platform, PDF Solutions is uniquely positioned to help the industry embrace the transformative promise of AI. 
We are committed to driving innovation and growth by further designing robust data protection and operational 
control into our platform, enabling customers to innovate and manufacture securely across regions by 
strengthening our global presence, while compl ying with local regulations, and leveraging our deep domain 
expertise to deliver exceptional value to our customers. 
Thank you for your continued support and conﬁdence in PDF Solutions. Together, we will navigate the 
challenges and seize the opportunities that lie ahead to beneﬁt our customers, employees, and stockholders. 
Sincerely, 
 
John K. Kibarian, Chief Executive Officer 
Co-founder and stockholder 
 
 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
Form 10-K 
(Mark One) 
☑ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15( d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 
or 
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from to 
 
000-31311 
(Commission file number) 
 
PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
Delaware 25-1701361 
(State or other jurisdiction o f (I.R.S. Em ployer 
Incor poration or or ganization ) Identi fication No. ) 
 
2858 De La Cruz Blvd. 95050 
Santa Clara, California (Zip Code) 
(Address o f Registrant’s princi pal executive o ffices) 
(408) 280-7900 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) 
 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 
 
Title of each class Tradin g Symbol (s) Name of each exchan ge on which re gistere d 
Common Stock, $0.00015 par value PD FS The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None 
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasone d issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☑ No ☐ 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Ye s ☐ No ☑ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Secu rities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such 
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electr onically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 
of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapte r) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant wa s required to submit such 
files). Yes ☑ No ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large acceler ated filer, an accelerated file r, a non-accelerated filer, a sm aller reporting company, 
or an emerging growth company. See the de finitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accel erated filer,” “smaller reporting compan y,” and “emerging 
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
☑ Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer 
☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company 
 ☐ Emerging growth company 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the re gistrant has elected not to use the extended transition period f or complying with 
any new or revised financial accoun ting standards provided pursuant to S ection 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its manageme nt’s assessment of the effec tiveness of its internal 
control over financial reporting under Secti on 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public ac counting firm that 
prepared or issued its audit report. ☑ 
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of t he registrant included in 
the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that re quired a recovery analysis of incentive-b ased compensation 
received by any of the registrant’s ex ecutive officers during the relevant rec overy period pursuant to §240.10D-1 (b). ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a she ll company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☑ 
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registra nt was approximately $1.1 billion as of th e last business day of 
the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing sale price on the Nasdaq Global Market r eported for such date. 
Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 10% or more of the outstanding Common Stoc k have been 
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a concl usive determination for 
other purposes. 
There were 39,113,755 shares of the Registrant’s Common Stoc k outstanding as of February 21, 2025. 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
Part III incorporates certain information by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days from Dec ember 31, 2024. 
 
 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
PART I 
Item 1. B u s i n e s s ............................................................................... 4 
Item 1A. R i s k F a c t o r s ............................................................................ 1 6 
Item 1B. U n r e s o l v e d S t a f f C o m m e n t s ............................................................... 3 0 
Item 1C. C ybersecurit y ........................................................................... 3 0 
Item 2. P r o p e r t i e s .............................................................................. 3 2 
Item 3. Legal Proceedin gs ....................................................................... 3 3 
Item 4. Mine Safet y D i s c l o s u r e s .................................................................. 3 3 
 
PART II 
Item 5. Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equit y S e c u r i t i e s ........................................................................ 3 4 
Item 6. Reserve d ............................................................................... 3 5 
Item 7. Mana gemen t’s Discussion and Anal ys i s o f F i n a n c i a l C o n d i t i o n a n d R e s u l t s o f O p e r a t i o n s ........... 3 5 
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Ris k .................................... 4 7 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementar y D a t a ................................................ 4 9 
Item 9. Chan ges in and Disa greements with Accountants on Accountin g a n d F i n a n c i a l D i s c l o s u r e ........... 8 4 
Item 9A. C o n t r o l s a n d P r o c e d u r e s .................................................................. 8 4 
Item 9B. O t h e r I n f o r m a t i o n ....................................................................... 8 4 
Item 9C. Disclosure Re gardin g Forei gn J u r i s d i c t i o n s t h a t P r e v e n t I n s p e c t i o n s .............................. 8 4 
 
PART III 
Item 10. D i r e c t o r s , E x e c u t i v e O f f i c e r s a n d C o r p o r a t e G o v e r n a n c e ....................................... 8 5 
Item 11. E x e c u t i v e C o m p e n s a t i o n ................................................................. 8 5 
Item 12. Securit y Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Mana gement and Related Stockholder Matters . . 85 
Item 13. C e r t a i n R e l a t i o n s h i p s a n d R e l a t e d T r a n s a c t i o n s , a n d D i r e c t o r I n d e p e n d e n c e ....................... 8 5 
Item 14. P r i n c i p a l A c c o u n t a n t F e e s a n d S e r v i c e s ..................................................... 8 5 
 
PART IV 
I t e m 1 5 . E x h i b i t s a n d F i n a n c i a l S t a t e m e n t S c h e d u l e s .................................................. 8 6 
Item 16. Form 10-K Summar y .................................................................... 9 0 
Sign a t u r e s ...................................................................................... 9 1 
 
 3 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORW ARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Item 1 “Business” and Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). These statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to: 
the Company’s business strategy and objectives; the Company’s position as a leading provider of comprehensive data 
solutions; the scope of the Company’s intellectual property and proprietary software, information and technology and 
steps to protect it; the Company’s sales and marketing strategy, expectations regarding strategic alliances and 
relationships; investments in research and development; strong core technology, ability to create innovative technology, 
and ability to implement solutions for new technology and product generations; the benefits and competitive advantages, 
and the Company’s expectations regarding market adoption, of its products and services; competition; human capital 
management; industry trends; the Company’s cybersecurity and risk management strategies; and other statements 
identified by words such as “could,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “should,” “will,” “would,” 
or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms, that are subject to future events and circumstances, and 
uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially incl ude risks associated with: the effectiveness of the Company’s 
business and technology strategies; current semiconductor industry trends and competition; rates of adoption of the 
Company’s solutions by new and existing customers; project milestones or delays and performance criteria achieved; 
cost and schedule of new product devel opment and investments in research and development; the con tinuing impact of 
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, changing interest rates and tariffs, the evolving trade regulatory 
environment and geopolitical tensions, and other trends impacting the semiconductor industry, the Company’s customers, 
operations, and supply and demand for its products; supply chain disruptions; the success of the Company’s strategic 
growth opportunities and partnerships; recent and future acquisitions, strategic alliances and relationships and the 
Company’s ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies; whet her the Company can successfully 
convert backlog into revenue; customers’ production volumes under contracts that provide Gainshare; the sufficiency of 
the Company’s cash resources and anticipated funds from operations; the Company’s ability to obtain additional 
financing if needed ; the Company’s ability to use support and update s for certain open-source software; and other risks 
and uncertainties discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, especially those contained in Item 1A of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements and information included herein is given as of the filing date of 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and based on information 
available to us at the time of this report and future event s or circumstances could differ significantly from these forward-
looking statements. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any such forward-looking 
statements. 
The following information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes 
thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All refe rences to fiscal year apply to our fiscal year that ends on 
December 31. All references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “PDF,” “PDF Solutions ” or “the Company” refer to PDF 
Solutions, Inc. 
 4 PART I 
Item 1. Business 
We provide comprehensive data solutions designed to empower organizations across the semiconductor and 
electronics ecosystems to improve the yield and quality of their products and operational efficiency for increased 
profitability. We derive revenues from two sources, Analytics and Integrated Yield Ramp. Our offerings contribute to 
Analytics revenue through contract fees for on-premise soft ware, hardware systems, software-as-a-service (“SaaS”), and 
other professional services. Certain of our Characterization services engagements contribute to Integrated Yield Ramp 
revenue through contract fees and a value-based, variable fe e or royalty, which we call Gain share. We are headquartered 
in Santa Clara, California and also oper ate worldwide with offices in Canada, Ch ina, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, 
South Korea, and Taiwan. 
Business Overview 
Our customers include Fortune 500 companies across th e semiconductor and electro nics ecosystem. These 
companies use our products and services with the objective of achieving various goals depending on whether they are 
integrated device manufacturers (“IDMs”), fabless semico nductor companies, foundries , equipment manufacturers, 
electronics manufacturing suppliers (“ EMS”), original device manufacturers (“ODMs”), outsourced semiconductor 
assembly and test (“OSATs”), or system houses. For example, our foundry customers generate and analyze key 
manufacturing data using our solutions, which are designed to shorten the time necessary for technology development 
and provide their fabless customers with a higher yielding pr ocess with improved electrical performan ce, which are both 
critical metrics for market success. Higher yields in less time can also mean le ss total raw materials and process runs, 
which can help lower customers’ total cost and minimize environmental impact. Also, equipment manufacturers and 
factories use our connectivity products to implement evolving industry standards which require quality and stability for 
their equipment or operations, respectively. By way of further example, our IDM and fabless customers use our solutions 
to generate unique, differentiated data that can be analyzed with our machine learning (“ML”) and artificial intelligence 
(“AI”) algorithms, which are designed to predict downstream manufacturing issues and result in shorter time for designs 
to meet performance requirements with fewer iterations and faster time-to-market. For final example, our foundry and 
OSAT customers use the AI and ML applications of our softwa re to help optimize for process control, assembly, and/or 
testing. 
Our mission is to provide innovative solu tions to create, access, and organize data to enable analysis and control for 
semiconductor and electronics companies to achieve better tim e-to-market, yields, quality, and operational efficiencies. 
Our strategy to achieve this is as follows: 
• Offer a Common, Flexible Platform for a Broad Group of Customers Across the Supply Chain . As 
semiconductor and electronics products are made with the efforts of equipment manufacturers, front-end 
foundries, chip and system designers, design automation, intellectual property (“IP”) providers, and OSATs, 
there is a need to analyze data across this entire chain to optimize yields, operational efficiencies, time to market, 
quality, and reliability. Our comprehensive platform is designed based on industry standards and integrated with 
leading solutions providers to enable these different partic ipants to analyze the relevant end-to-end data in near 
real-time, with cloud or on-premise data stores from 10s to 100s of terabytes (“TBs”) and flexible configurations 
for IDM, foundry, fabless, and OSAT specific needs. Ou r ML solutions combine professional services with our 
Exensio software to further enable ou r customers to push their analytics “to the edge” of their global supply 
chains and shift the analysis and decision-making processes closer to where their data is being generated. We 
believe enabling edge analytics will further increase our customers’ ability to improve product yield, quality, 
performance, and profitability, an d therefore, drive the market for our products and services. 
• Drive Tool-Level Software Installations to Create an Infrastructure of Connected Equipment and Enable Smart 
Factories . We believe that driving installation of our Exensio and Cimetrix software products at the tool level 
will help provide an infrastructure of connected equipmen t and help to enable smart factories. Our Cimetrix 
products are based on open standards for equipment control and connectivity to equipment manufacturers and 
factories, which we believe will continue to be in dema nd in the smart manufacturin g era. Further, we believe 
that the benefits from integration between analytics on equipment, the factory, and in the cloud will provide 
synergies with our existing end-to-end analytics offerings. 5 • Create Differentiated Data Sources for Better Analytics . Historically, companies used data that was generated 
from their manufacturing and test process to drive impr ovements. We offer unique IP (such as Characterization 
Vehicle® test chips, also branded CV® test chips) that is not part of an integrated circuit’s (“IC”) functionality, 
but designed to significantly improve the manufacturing process by improving yield learning and reducing time 
to market. Also, our Design-for-Inspection™ system (also branded DFI™ system) is designed to identify 
blockers that impact product yield and quality up to months earlier than other hardware- or software-based 
methodologies from proprietary e-beam measurement of product layout or provided on-chip instrumentation. 
We believe that in the More-than-Moore (“MtM”) era, th e differentiated data we provide can play an important 
role in enabling our customers to bring new products to market faster and with higher quality and performance, 
and, ultimately, more profitability. 
• Collaborate with Other Industry Leaders to Bring Additional Unique Data to Our Platform and Enable New 
and Differentiated Applications . We believe that the value we bring to semiconductor manufacturing can be 
leveraged with additional data and through differentiated applications. For example, we offer an enterprise 
application integration module called Sapience™ Manuf acturing Hub enterprise (“SMHe”), which is designed 
to collect and unify data from enterprise applications, such as manufacturing execution systems (“MES”), 
enterprise resource planning systems (“ERP”) like SA P S/4HANA®, and our Exensio software, and make such 
data available through a central inte rface. In addition, workin g with Siemens Digital In dustries Software, we 
offer two other Exensio modules, Exensio AIM Scan Analytics and Exensio AIM Scan Systematics Diagnostics, 
which are designed to enable  diagnostic accuracy and efficiency of fail m ode to help our customers that also use 
Siemens’s Tessent software determine the electrical and physical failing locations for product and process 
improvements. Building relationships with other industry le aders is intended to provide more ways for mutual 
customers to leverage their process and product data. Differentiated applications that make use of this shared 
data are designed to provide unique insights to help customers achieve sustained profitability in their 
manufacturing. 
Industry Background 
Rapid technological innovation with increasingly shorter product life cycles has fueled the economic growth of the 
semiconductor industry. IC companies have historically ramped production slowly, produced at high volume once a 
product gained market acceptance, and slowly reduced pro duction volume when price and demand started to decrease 
near the end of the product’s life cycl e. Today there are many different business models across the semiconductor 
industry: products that follow the traditional life cycle just described, products targeted towards fast-moving market 
segments like Internet of Things – which utilize mature proce ss nodes and require a fast ramp to volume with a relatively 
short life cycle, and products focused on long term market segments like automotive and industrial where product life 
cycles can last a decade or longer. Ther e is considerable variation across these business models de pending on the level 
of design complexity and the maturity of the process nod e used for product implementa tion. Processors, memory and 
field-programmable gate arrays (“FPGA”) continue to leverage the most advanced process nodes and 
experience significant challenges to achieve competitive in itial yields and optimized performance. Some products and 
market segments, however, may be content to utilize older process nodes. Regardless of the process node used for 
implementation or how long the product will be sold in the market, success for semiconductor companies is predicated, 
among other things, on fast product yield ramp and the ability to optimize manufacturing and test metrics, such as yield 
reclamation, product quality, and test efficiency, throughout a product’s life cycle. Thus, technologies or capabilities that 
can accelerate yield ramp, improv e product quality, and optimize production effi ciencies are highly sought after because 
they can lead to cost reduction and revenue generation concurrently, causing a leveraged effect on profitability. 
Technology and Intellectua l Property Protection 
Our success is largely dependent upon our proprietary software. We believe the creative skills and technological 
ability of our personnel, product enhancements, and new prod uct development are necessary to maintaining our position 
as a leading provider of comprehensive data solutions to the semiconductor industry. We rely primarily on trade secret 
rights, copyright laws, and nondisclosure and other contractual agreements to protect our software. 
In addition, our succes s is dependent on various inventions we ha ve made and we s eek to protect certain of our IP 
under patent laws. As of December 31, 2024, we held 128 U.S. patents, with expiration dates on issued patents ranging 6 from 2025 through 2044. We intend to prepare additional patent applications when we feel it is beneficial. Some of the 
technology we protect by patent includes elements of our CV and DFI systems and inventions related to AI/ML. 
We protect our trademarks with registration of marks, including Characterization Vehi cle, Cimetrix, CV, eProbe, 
Exensio, pdFasTest, PDF Solutions, and the PDF Solutions and Cimetrix logos. We have common law rights to additional 
trademarks, including ALPS, D ∑∑P, DFI, DirectProbe, Direct Scan, Fire, and Sapience. 
We enter into confidentiality and inventions assignment agreements with our employees and confidentiality and 
license agreements with our cu stomers and the various parties we partner with to resell, distribute, and, in some cases, 
integrate our products. Further, we wo rk to limit access to and distribution of our software, docume ntation and other 
proprietary information. 
Third parties could in any case develop competing technolo gies that include similar functionality or features, or 
otherwise are substantially equivalent or superior to our tech nologies. In addition, effectiv e patent, copyright, trademark 
and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries wh ere we operate. Our business 
could suffer significantly if we fail to protect our proprietary technology. 
In addition, through yield, performance, and reliability im provement services over more than 20 years, we have 
accumulated a vast library of physical IP in the form of test structures. As part of our DFI and CV systems, our engineers 
create designs of experiments (“DOEs”) and layouts for ta rgeted fail modes. We have also developed electrical 
measurement hardware tools an d proprietary extraction, design, and analysis software. In addition, our technology 
embodies many production-proven and patented algorithms. Further, our IP includes proven methodologies that our 
implementation teams use as guidelines to drive our customers’ use of our technology. We strive to continually enhance 
our core technologies through the codification of knowledge that we gain in the use of our products and delivery of 
services. 
Products and Services 
Products 
The primary software products and software and hardware systems of our platform include the following: 
Exensio Software . Our Exensio software products address the big data manufacturing challenge of today’s advanced 
process nodes and highly integrated products, by providing a common environment throughout the supply chain for 
different data types, including inline and end-of-line metrology, yield, parametric, performance, manufacturing 
consumables, tool-level sensor data, test floor data, logisti cal data, as well as custom data types. Exensio products are 
designed to enable real-time rapid diagnosis and understandi ng of key manufacturing and test metrics during both inline 
and end-of-line wafer processing, helping customers reduce product variability and cost simultaneously. By integrating 
silos of data and applying AI and ML, Exensio products are designed to resolve the limitations of local optimization and 
provide better visibility across the entire production process, re ducing the time it takes to make critical decisions that can 
drive higher product yield, quality and reliability. Our collaboratio ns with strategic partners are intended to also integrate 
data from those partners’ products to make it available in Ex ensio and also to develop new applications to inter-operate 
with those products and enhance the value to mutual customers. 
Exensio software is available as either an on-premise license or SaaS and is offered in four main, separately-offered 
Exensio products targeting the needs of the customer’s business model: Exensio IDM, Exensio Fabless, Exensio Foundry, 
and Exensio OSAT. Each of these products are comprised of two or more modules to provide specific capabilities to 
address a particular type of company’s needs and requirements; however, there are common features, functionality, and 
purpose across some of the key modules as follows: 
• Manufacturing Analytics – This module uses our proprietary database schema to store collected data in a 
common, unified environment with a consistent view. For example, product engineers use it to identify and 
analyze production yield, performance, reliability and othe r issues. Elements of this module are designed to 
handle very large and complex data sets that are co mmonplace in the semiconducto r industry. To support the 
multi-dimensional product requirements of our customers, the powerful, interactive visualization and analysis 
capabilities in this product are highly flexible and user-configurable. 7 • Process Control – This module provides failure detection and cl assification (“FDC”) capabilities for monitoring, 
alarming, and control of manufacturing tool sets. Th ese capabilities include proprietary data collection and 
analysis of tool sensor trace data and summary indicators designed to rapidly identify sources of process 
variations and manufacturing excursions. When used together with Manufacturing Analytics and related 
modules, the accretive data mining and correlation capabilitie s are designed to enable identification of tool level 
sources of yield loss and process variation and enable predictive and proactive optimization decisions for process 
control, process adjustments, preventive maintenance sche duling, tool corrective actio ns, wafer dispatching, and 
wafer level and final test to impact end of line product yield, performance, and reliability. 
• Test Operations – This module provides comprehensive data collection and analysis capabilities for data 
generated during manufacturing test operations designed to optimize test operations management overall, 
including improving test productivity, performing part average test, supporting test floor operations, and 
implementing adaptive test. Test Operations is also desi gned to provide predictive insights based on proprietary 
analytics during test, assembly and packaging to maxi mize the efficiency of test operations, productivity 
improvements and yield reclamation. 
• Assembly Operations – This module provides the capability to link assembly and packaging data with other 
product lifecycle data, including fabrica tion and characterization data, across th e product life cycle. Data sources 
could include manufacturing, wafer acceptance test, wafer so rt, test and assembly, fina l test, and field use. The 
proprietary data linkage enabled by Assembly Operations is also designed to enable device manufacturers to 
maintain full traceability of their finished products back to the sour ce wafer without the n eed for Electronic Chip 
IDs (“ECIDs”). This capability is becoming an essential requirement for safety-critical market segments such as 
automotive and m ilitary-aerospace. 
Sapience™ Manufacturing Hub enterprise . SMHe provides a single, common connectivity platform between 
enterprise applications, such as MES, ERP, and our Exensio software. SMHe enables advanced applications – including 
those for top management – that benefit from more real-time and detailed insight into manufacturing. Our Exensio 
Foundry Product Costing module, which le verages SMHe, is designed to provid e more accurate insights into the gap 
between plan costs and actual costs, enabling actions to im prove profitability. Exensio Fou ndry Product Costing module 
integrates with SAP S4/HANA due to our collaboration with SAP SE to enable this capability. 
Design-for-Inspection System. Our DFI system, which we have provided under a lease arrangement or hardware sale 
to different customers, leverages our production-proven design and analysis infrastructure and is designed to enable 
customers to achieve non-contact , inline electrical inspection of either our proprietary on-chip instruments or their product 
chip layout structures. The electrical measurements augment and enhance existin g inline defect inspection and metrology 
methods for more effective process control and inline, direct inspection of product wafers. Th e DirectScan application of 
the DFI system includes our proprietary Exensio Characterization and Fire™ layout analysis software and the eProbe® 
non-contact e-beam tool. These el ements are described as follows: 
• Proprietary Software – Our Fire module is designed to analyze IC product layout features to help determine 
which parts of the product layout to inspect. Our Exen sio Characterization module is designed to analyze the 
billions of measurements collected using the eProbe tool. As part of the system offering, we generally use the 
Characterization module to provid e our customers analysis services , a summary of our findings, and 
recommendations. 
• DFI On-Chip Instruments – Our on-chip measurement instruments are tuned to capture key features of our 
customers’ product layouts, including th ose identified using the Fire module. When part of the system offering, 
we generally provide design services to create these in struments. These DFI instruments are designed to be 
placed in test chips or scribe lines and to exhibit specific electrical responses. 
• eProbe® Non-Contact E-Beam Tool – Our eProbe e-beam tools are designed for contactless measurement of 
the electrical response of the DFI instruments and suitable product layout structures. The fourth generation tool, 
the 450, includes advances in beam vector targeting and higher signal-to-noise (SNR) for enhanced defect 
sensitivity, higher throughput, enhanced tool matching, and better inspection control for more stable 
performance necessary for high-volume manufacturing (HVM). 8 Characterization Vehicle System (also branded as our CV™ System) . Our CV system is a combination of CV test 
chips, hardware to test such products, software to analyze th e test results, and related services. This system is designed 
to accelerate the efficiency of yi eld learning by shortening the learning cycle, learning more per cycle, and reducing the 
number of silicon wafers required in manufacturing processes. This system includes physical IP in the form of test 
structures and DOEs that are tuned to our customers’ product and/or process specifics, tester hardware, data analysis, and 
training. The primary software and hardware produ cts included in the CV system are as follows: 
• CV™ Test Chips – Our proprietary test chips are designed by our professional engineers using our proprietary 
Fire software. These test chips are run through a customer’s manufacturing process, with intentional process 
modifications, to provide unique, differentiated data to explore the effects of potential process improvements 
given natural manufacturing variations. Our custom-designed CV test chips are optimized for our test hardware 
and analysis software and include DOEs tuned to each customer’s process. Types of CV test chips include: 
 Our full-reticle and shared-reticle CV test chips are designed to provide a fa st-learning cycle and are 
fully integrated with third-party failure analysis and inspection tools for a complete diagnosis to 
understand root causes. Our full-reticle CV test chip s use a shortened process flow to provide a faster 
learning cycle for speci fic process modules. 
 Our Scribe CV test chips are inserted directly on customers’ product wafers to collect data about critical 
layers. 
 Our DirectProbe™ CV test chips are designed to enable ultra-fast yield learning for new product 
designs by allowing our customers to measure components of actual product layout and identify yield 
issues. 
• pdFasTest ® Electrical Tester – Our proprietary electrical test hardware is optimized to quickly test our CV test 
chips, enabling fast defect and parametric characterizatio n of manufacturing processes. As part of the system 
offering, we provide test programs for each CV test chip that are tuned to th e customer’s process. This automated 
system provides parallel functional testing, thus minimi zing the time required to perform millions of electrical 
measurements to test our CV test chips. We provide serv ices to analyze the unique, differentiated data output of 
this tester using the Exensio Characterization software to provide actionable insights to our customers. 
• Exensio Characterization software – This module, which is designed to integrate seamlessly with the rest of the 
Exensio software, collects the data generated from our CV test products, generating models of the performance 
effects of process variations on these design building blocks. As part of the system offering, we also offer 
analysis services, if the customer el ects not to do such analysis itself. 
Cimetrix® Software Products . Our Cimetrix software products enable equipment manufacturers in the 
semiconductor and electronics industries to provide standard interfaces on their products for efficient equipment 
communication, control, and data collection. Numerous industry standards have been established for equipment 
connectivity and control, including the SEMI (Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International) defined SECS 
(SEMI Equipment Communication Standard), GEM (Generic Equipment Model), GEM300, and EDA (equipment data 
acquisition) standards. Our Cimetrix products are designed to fully support these industry standards to enable equipment 
manufacturers to implement robust, turnkey support for these connectivity and control standards without needing to invest 
engineering resources to develop their own interfaces to these standards. Manufacturing equipment enabled with 
Cimetrix-supported interfaces allow for faster and more effi cient implementation of smart manufacturing initiatives that 
depend on the collection and analysis of manufacturing and product data in keeping with industry standards. Cimetrix 
products are sold via perpetual licenses and typically sold as part of a software development kit (“SDK”) that helps 
equipment manufacturers implement them quickly. We charge a one-time fee per equipment product type for the SDK 
license and a one-time fee for each pi ece of equipment shipped that incl udes the Cimetrix runtime license. 9 • Equipment Factory Connectivity – Our products for equipment factory connectivity primarily include the 
following: 
 Cimetrix CIMConnect ™ is a SEMI SECS/GEM interface to the factory host for automated control and 
data collection. The Cimetrix CIMConnect module supports multiple-host in terfaces simu ltaneously, 
which allows customers to support legacy, custom, and GEM interfaces. Cimetrix CIMConnect is used 
in semiconductor wafer fabrication, semiconductor back-end (test, assembly, and packaging), PV, HB-
LED, disk drive, flat panel displays, printed circuit boards and other electronics manufacturing. In 
addition to enabling the implementation of the SEMI SECS/GEM standards E4, E5, E30, E37, E172, 
and E173, Cimetrix CIMConnect also supports SEMI PV2 (PVECI), A3 (PCBECI), and HB4 (HB-
LED ECI) standards. 
 Cimetrix CIM300 ™ is a GEM interface for 300mm equipment using SEMI standards, including E39, 
E40, E87, E90, E94, E116, E148, and E157. These SEMI standards allow for the full automation 
required in manufacturing 300mm wafers. Cimetrix CIM300 manages the interdependencies between 
the standards and simplifies comp lex scenarios for easy implementation of the standards. These 
GEM300 standards are required for full automation in manufacturing of 300mm wafers. Cimetrix 
CIM300 works with Cimetrix CIMConnect to impl ement the GEM300 and the original GEM suite of 
standards. 
 Cimetrix CIMPortal ™ Plus is an interface for EDA, also know n as Interface A. The EDA standards 
are E120, E125, E132, E134, E138, E147, and E164. Cimetrix CIMPortal Plus implements the EDA 
standards in a flexible architecture that collects data from multiple sources and routes the data to 
multiple clients simultaneously. F actories can use the data gathered through EDA interfaces for FDC, 
run-to-run advanced process control, equipment health monitoring, chamber/tool matching, predictive 
maintenance, virtual metrology, diagnostics, and many other equipment-related analytical applications. 
• Equipment Factory Connectivity Testing – We provide the following prod ucts for testing the interfaces 
developed using our equipment factory connectivity products: Cimetrix EquipmentTest™, for testing and 
validating compliance with the GEM and GEM300 standard s, Cimetrix EDATester™, for testing and validating 
compliance with the EDA/Interface A standards, and performance testing of the interface, and Cimetrix ECCE 
Plus™ for quick testing of the EDA/Interface A interface. 
• Equipment Control – Our equipment control product is the Ci metrix CIMControlFramework™ (“Cimetrix 
CCF”) software, which includes compon ents for supervisory control, material handling, operator interface, 
platform control, and factory automation requiremen ts, to allow equipment manufacturers to meet the 
requirements of fabrication facilities. Developers can leverage framewor k components through configuration 
and extension or customize the framework when unique requirements exist. Cimetrix CCF is designed to allow 
data generated at any point on the equipment to be quickly and easily accessed by other modules or external 
applications. Cimetrix CIMConnect, Cimetrix CIM300, and Cimetrix CIMPortal Plus are integrated with 
Cimetrix CCF to support the SEMI GEM, GEM300, an d EDA/Interface A standards. 
Services 
Our services are almost always sold together with, or to support, our products and include the following: 
Software-as-a-Service – We provide services to make our Exensio software available to our customers via the 
Internet, generally hosted by third-party providers. SaaS is considered part of cloud computing since the software is 
hosted on the Internet, or the “cloud.” Since our SaaS applications are accessed from a remote server rather than installed 
on individual machines, it is easier to maintain. For example, when the remote software is updated, the customer’s 
interface is also updated for all users. Cloud computin g is designed to eliminate in compatibilities betw een different 
software versions and allow us to make incremental update s without requiring software downloads. Additionally, our 
customers can save data to a central online location, which is designed to allow increased project collaboration. As part 
of these services, we also typically provide hosted management services for the software and the customer’s data stored 
in our cloud. These services include environment set-up and co nfiguration, system health monitoring, data integration 
maintenance, integration monitoring, system updates, security, and data upload/download, and license administration. 10 Software Related Services – We provide software maintenance and support (“M&S”), data management services, 
various value-added services (“VAS”) to install, configure, or create analysis templates, and other professional services 
to achieve customers’ specific outcomes using our software. We ca ll this last type of services our solutions offering and, 
in these cases, we tailor the use of one or more Exensio products to achieve a desired result. For example, our AIM 
YieldAware™ FDC solution offering is designed to identify the process control variables that have the greatest impact 
on product yield through professional services that analyze the data from both Exensio Process Control and elements of 
Exensio Manufacturing Analytics and make recommendations fo r the customer to implement. VAS are provided by our 
professional service personnel with expe rtise that enhances and complements th e engineering teams at our customers. 
For example, VAS includes our data cleaning and monitoring services. One requirement of big data analytics is to have 
clean, harmonized data to analyze. This service offering outsources the data wrangling and management effort to free the 
customer to focus their efforts on anal ysis, which has a greater return on investment to the company than data 
management. 
DFI System Related Services – We provide application engineering services to design and build recipes for our tool, 
which involves configuring the tool for the type of product wa fer, die size and location, target inspection sites within die, 
which can include specific DUTs to inspect and their location, as well as the parameters to flag a DUT as an outlier. We 
also provide engineering services to custom ers of the eProbe tool to maintain and repair or replace parts on the tool during 
the warranty period and any contractual se rvice period. When part of a system offering, we provide tool support services 
to customers to operate the tool. These serv ices are primarily provided at the facility where the tool is installed. After the 
initial warranty period, the availability of engineering supp ort and parts cost depends on the service package level a 
customer purchases. 
Characterization Services – These services are designed to charact erize key product and/or process elements, 
primarily into CV test structures or DFI on-chip measurement instruments, and typically do not include performance 
incentives based on the customers’ yield ac hievement. We provide these services, ty pically together with all elements of 
our CV system, to foundry customers in connection with new process technology development and/or yield ramp. In 
Characterization engagements, we generally provide the analysis of our CV test chips and provide summary findings and 
recommendations to the customer. Characterization engagements can include DFI systems. 
Customers 
Our existing customers include foundri es, IDMs, fabless semiconductor design companies, OSATs, equipment 
manufacturers, EMS, and ODMs, including those that embed and distribute our Assembly Operations modules in their 
equipment. Our semiconductor customers’ targeted product segments vary significantly, including microprocessors, 
memory, graphics, image sensor solutions, and communications. We believe that the adoption of our solutions by such 
companies for usage in a wide range of products validates the application of our solutions to the broader semiconductor 
market. We often have multiple contracts with a single customer or customer group, with no interdependent performance 
obligations. In general, our customer contracts are non-cancellable. 
Two customers accounted for 31% of our revenues for 2024, one customer accou nted for 35% of our revenues for 
2023 and two customers accounted for 41 % of our revenues for 2022. No other customers accounted for 10% or more of 
our revenues in 2024, 2023 and 2022. See the discussion in “Risk Factors” under Item 1A for more information about 
risks associated with customer concen tration and contractual provisions. S ee Note 12, “Customer and Geographic 
Information” to the consolidated financial statements. 
See our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements incl uded under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data for additional geographic information. 
Sales and Marketing 
Our sales strategy is primarily to pursue targeted accounts th rough a combination of our dir ect sales force, our service 
teams, and strategic alliances. After we are engaged by a cust omer and early in the services process, our engineers seek 
to establish relationships in the organization and gain an un derstanding of our customers’ business issues. Our direct sales 
and service teams combine thei r efforts to deepen our customer relationships by expanding our penetration across 
customers’ products, processes, and technologies. This close working relationship with each customer has the added 
benefit of helping us to identify new product areas and tech nologies in which we should next focus our research and 11 development efforts. From time- to-time, we use sales representatives/agents in various locations to augment direct sales 
in certain territories. 
We expect to continue to establish strategic alliances with process licensors, vendors in the electronic design 
automation software, capital equipment for IC production, a nd test silicon IP and mask-making software segments to 
create and take advantage of sales channel and co-marketing opp ortunities. Additionally, we expect to form relationships 
with key value chain participants, including foundries and OS ATs, to provide services and value across the manufacturing 
supply chain. 
Research and Development 
Our research and development focuses on developing and introducing new proprietary technologies for our 
comprehensive platform, including our Exensio software, Cimetrix connectivity and control products, and DFI and CV 
systems, as well as other software produ cts and enhancements to our existing solutio ns, such as field applications for DFI 
and CV and new applications targeted to inter-operate with strategic partner products. We use a rapid-prototyping 
paradigm in the context of the customer engagement to achieve these goals. We have made, and expect to continue to 
make, substantial investments in research and development. The complexity of our technologies requires expertise in 
standards, physical IC design and layout, transistor design and semiconductor physics, semiconductor process integration, 
numerical algorithms, e-beam t echnology, hardware, statistics and software development. We believe that our team of 
engineers will continue to advance our market and technol ogical leadership. We conduct in-house training for our 
engineers in certain technical areas. Our training also extends to focusing on ways to enhance customer service skills. 
Although it fluctuates, we can have up to one quarter of our research and development engineers assigned to one or more 
projects, partnered with solution services engineers, in a deliberate strategy to provid e direct feedback between 
technology development and customer needs. We also utilize a variety of skilled independent contractors for specialized 
development. 
Governmental Regulations 
We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to our business and 
operations, including those related to trade controls, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, data privacy, data protection, use of AI, 
antitrust, competition, employment, in come taxes, and the environment. 
Trade 
A large percentage of our software products are not of U.S. origin and not generally subject to the U.S. Export 
Administration Regulations (“EAR”) when not located in th e U.S. Our standard operations include development, 
distribution processes, software download sites, and prof essional service centers and processes located in various 
geographies around the world to better serve our customers. We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States 
and other jurisdictions concerning these operations with respect to certain of our products and services outside the United 
States and to foreign nationals, including the EAR, tari ffs, trade protection measures, sanctions, and other trade 
regulations. 
The Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”) of the U. S. Department of Commerce has placed certain entities on 
and frequently adds entities to the “Entity List,” which restricts supply of items to or in connection with the named entities 
and impacts our ab ility to transact business with certain customers. BIS recently extended cont rols to renewal licenses 
for certain lawfully delivered products that would have changed status under new regulations and designations, causing 
us to decline certain renewals. 
Trade regulations limiting or banning sales into certain count ries or to certain companies, including economic and 
financial sanctions and trade embargoes administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of 
Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), have impacted our ability to transact business in certain countries and with certain 
customers. Future trade regulations may also impact our ability to transact business with ce rtain customers and in certain 
countries and may restrict certain non-U.S . person employees from performing their duties at PDF without first obtaining 
appropriate authorization if their duties involve an export, reexport, or transfer of export-controlled technology. 12 Anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
We are subject to laws and regulations in the United Stat es and other jurisdictions concerning anti-corruption and 
anti-bribery, including the U.S. Foreign Co rrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, which prohibit corrupt payments 
to governmental officials and bribes to other persons. 
Data privacy and data protection 
We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions governing data privacy and data 
protection, including laws in Japan, China, and the EU/UK, which regulate our collection, handling, and use of personal 
information. 
The laws and regulations to which we are subject are complex and may change or develop over time, sometimes with 
limited or no advance notice. Developments or other changes in laws or regulations or how they are interpreted or 
enforced have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and increase our compliance-related 
expenditures. 
Artificial intelligence 
The regulatory framework governing the use of AI, machine learning and automated decision-making technologies 
(“AI Technologies”) is rapidly evolving. Many federal, state and foreign government bodies and agencies have introduced 
or are currently considering additional laws and regulations. 
Already, certain existing legal regimes (e.g., relating to data privacy) regulate certain aspects of AI Technologies, 
and new laws regulating AI Technologies have been enacted in China, the United States, and the European Union. In the 
United States, the Trump administration has rescinded an executiv e order relating to AI Techno logies that was previously 
implemented by the Biden administration and may continue to rescind other existing federal orders and/or administrative 
policies relating to AI Technologies, or may implement new executive orders and/or other rule-making relating to AI 
Technologies in the future. U.S. legislation is also advanc ing at the state level. For ex ample, the California Privacy 
Protection Agency is currently in the process of finaliz ing regulations under the California Consumer Privacy Act 
regarding the use of automated decision-making. The EU Artificial Intelligence Act (the “EU AI Act”) applies to 
companies that develop, use and/or provide AI in the EU and – depending on the AI use case - includes requirements 
around transparency, conformity assessments and monitoring , risk assessments, human ov ersight, security, accuracy, 
general purpose AI and foundation models, and fines for breach of up to 7% of worldwide annual revenues. Such 
additional regulations may impact our ability to develop, use and commercialize AI Technologies in the future. 
For additional information regarding risks related to laws and regulations, including existing restrictions imposed 
by BIS, as well as international ope rations, see Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” 
Competition 
We believe that our solutions compare favorably with resp ect to competition because we have demonstrated results 
and reputation, strong core technology, ability to create innovative technology, and ability to implement solutions for 
new technology and product generations. Further, we believe IC companies benefit from our combination of big data 
management infrastructure, AI/ML-based analytics engines, and products that generate and collect differentiated data 
that enrich the analytics process. 
We face competition regarding different elements of our products and services portfolio from the following sources 
and companies: 
• indirect competition from internal groups at IC companies that may choose to develop their own test chips 
or software analytics solutions internally typically by using various commercially-available, general-
purpose software, including for example, Tableau from Salesforce, Inc., TIBCO from Cloud Software 
Group, Snowflake, Inc., Databricks, Inc.; and 13 • direct competition from providers of: 
o yield management and/or prediction systems, such as KLA Corporation (“KLA”), Onto 
Innovation, Inc. (“Onto”), and Synopsys, Inc. (“Synopsys”); 
o semiconductor manufacturing software, such as Applied Materials, Inc (“Applied Materials”), 
Synopsys, Invantest, Inc., Emerson El ectric Co., Onto, and Siemens AG; 
o inline inspection, metrology and electrical test eq uipment providers, such as ASML Holding N.V., 
Applied Materials, KLA, and Keysight Technologies, Inc.; and, 
o connectivity software or integration products/s ervices supporting factor y equipment connectivity 
or control needs of customers, such as PEER Group, Inc., Kontron AIS, GmbH, Yokogawa Electric 
Corp., Advantest Corporation, and Kornic Automation Co. Ltd. 
See the discussions in “Risk Factors” under Item 1A for more information about risks associated with our 
competition. 
Human Capital Management 
We believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our continued ability to hire and retain qualified 
management, sales, and technical employees. Consequently, we seek to engage in sound ethical and organizational 
governance, and promote business ethics and integrity. 
As of December 31, 2024, we had 539 employees worldwide, including 174 field application engineers, 189 in 
research and development, 113 in sales and marketing, and 63 in general and administrative functions. Of these 
employees, 321 are located in the United St ates, 180 in Asia, and 38 in Europe. 
None of our employees are represented by a labor union. Our employees in France and It aly are subject to collective 
bargaining agreements in those countries. 
At the Board level, our Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee is tasked with oversight of the 
development, implementation and effectiveness of our polic ies and strategies relating to human capital management, 
including strategies regarding recruiting, selection, care er development and progression, and employment practices. 
Talent Development 
We believe the development and growth of our employees is crucial to further enhance the talent we have today and 
to foster the right skill sets for our future for our long-ter m success. As such, we encourag e mentorship and engaging in 
development opportunities. We also conduct in-house training for our engineers in certain technical areas and provide 
access to an online training platform for all of our employees. Furthe r, we fund attendance at continuing education 
courses, symposia, and participation in professional organizations. 
Employee Engagement 
Employee engagement is crucial for the overall health of th e organization. In 2024, we conducted a survey of all our 
employees to assess overall employee engagement. 
In addition to our efforts to address employee engage ment, we are committed to supporting our employees and 
creating an engaged workforce by prioritizing the items below: 
• personal growth through training and development; 
• recognizing and rewarding our people for their commitment to our values and our organization; 14 • flexible work locations and schedules; and 
• providing a sense of organizational community by hosting in-person events where our people can gather and 
connect. 
Health and Safety 
We are committed to ensuring that proper working conditions exist for the safety of our employees, such as 
developing, implementing, and improving health and safety systems and conditions, and providing appropriate 
preparation, education, reporting, and controls. 
Information about our Executive Officers 
The following table and notes set forth information about our current executive officers as of the date of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K. 
Name Age Position 
J o h n K . K i b a r i a n , P h . D . ....... 6 0 P r e s i d e n t , C h i e f E x e c u t i v e O f f i c e r , a n d D i r e c t o r 
A d n a n R a z a ................. 5 2 E x e c u t i v e V i c e P r e s i d e n t , F i n a n c e a n d C h i e f F i n a n c i a l O f f i c e r 
K i m o n W . M i c h a e l s , P h . D . ..... 5 8 E x e c u t i v e V i c e P r e s i d e n t , P r o d u c t s a n d S o l u t i o n s a n d D i r e c t o r 
Andrze j Stro jw a s , P h . D . ....... 7 2 C h i e f T e c h n o l o gy Office r 
John K. Kibarian, Ph.D. , one of our founders, has served as President since November 1991 and has served as our 
Chief Executive Officer since July 2000. Dr. Kibarian has served as a director on our Board of Directors since 
December 1992. Dr. Kibarian received a B.S. in Electri cal Engineering, an M.S. E.C.E. and a Ph.D. E.C.E. from Carnegie 
Mellon University. 
Adnan Raza , joined in January 2020 as Executive Vice President, Finance, and was appointed Chief Financial Officer 
effective in March 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Raza served as an independen t strategy consultant for private 
and public companies from July 2019 to January 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Raza served in various roles at Synaptics Inc., a 
developer of human interface technologies, including as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development from 
August 2017 to June 2019 and Vice President of Corporate Development from February 2015 to August 2017. Prior roles 
include technology investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co. and UBS Investment Bank, strategic advising at 
Blackreef Capital, engineering and marketing at Azanda Network Devices, and engineerin g at Lucent Technologies. 
Mr. Raza also served as a board member at FIDO Alliance, an alliance of leading technology companies to enhance user 
security and authentication. Mr. Raza holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Valparaiso University , an M. Eng. in 
Electrical Engineering from Cornell Un iversity, and an M.B.A. from The Wharton School at the University of 
Pennsylvania. 
Kimon W. Michaels, Ph.D. , one of our founders, has served as Vice President, Products and Solutions since July 
2010 and was designated as an Executive Vice President in Febr uary 2019. Dr. Michaels served as Vice President, Design 
for Manufacturability from June 2007 through June 2010. Prio r to that, Dr. Michaels served as Vice President, Field 
Operations for Manufacturing Process Solutions from January 2006 through May 2007, and has served as a director on 
our Board of Directors since November 1995. From March 1993 th rough December 2005, he served in various vice 
presidential capacities. He also served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company from November 1995 to July 1998. 
Dr. Michaels received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering, an M.S. E.C.E. and a Ph.D. E. C.E. from Carnegie Mellon 
University. 
Andrzej Strojwas, Ph.D. , served as a technical advisor to the Company from our founding until 2021 and as chief 
technologist from 1997 to 2021. He joined the Company as an employee in July 2021 as Vice President and Technical 
General Manager, and was appointed Chief Technology Officer effective December 2021. From October 1982 to July 
2021, Dr. Strojwas was the Keithley Prof essor of Electrical and Computer Engin eering at Carnegie Mellon University. 
In addition, Dr. Strojwas has held senior technical pos itions at Harris Semiconductor Co., AT&T Bell Labs, Texas 
Instruments, NEC, Hitachi, SEMATECH, and KLA. He holds an M.S. in Electronic Engin eering from Warsaw Technical 
University and a Ph.D. in Electrical En gineering from Carnegie Mellon University. 15 Available Information 
We file or furnish various reports, such as registration st atements, periodic and current re ports, proxy statements and 
other materials with the SEC. Our Internet website addres s is www.pdf.com. You may obtain, free of charge on our 
website, copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterl y reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and 
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such mate rial with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The Company’s website 
address provided is not intended to function as a hyperlink, and the information on the Company’s website is not, and 
should not be considered, part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference herein. 
The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other 
information regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the SEC. 
 16 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below. Some of these risks are highlighted 
in the following discussion, and in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Legal Proceedings, and Quantitative and Qualitativ e Disclosures About Market Risk. The occurrence of any 
of these risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial 
could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and stock price. These risks and 
uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materi ally from the results contempl ated by the fo rward-looking 
statements contained in this re port. Investors should carefully consider all relevant risks and uncertainties before investing 
in our common stock. 
Risks Associated with Our Business 
Our significant research and developme nt investment may nonetheless fail to keep pace with technological changes 
or ensure that our offerings meet mark et needs, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, or 
results of operations. 
As part of the evolution of our business, we have made and continue to make substantial investments in research and 
development of our products and services, including, in particular, our DFI system and Exensio and Sapience software. 
New competitors, changes to existing contracts with licensed t echnology, any companies, products, or services that we 
may acquire, technological a dvances in the semiconductor industry and adjacen t markets, and othe r competitive factors 
have required us and may continue to require us to invest si gnificantly greater resources than we anticipated. For example, 
following our acquisition in July 2023 of Lantern Machinery An alytics, Inc., an early-stag e battery solutions provider, 
we invested in research and development to expand the app lication of our existing products and services to battery 
manufacturers. If we do not anticipate and address technological changes in our industry or our offerings fail to meet 
market demand, the corresponding additional revenue we anticipate may not materialize, we may not recoup our 
investment or capture the market share we anticipate, we ma y lose our competitive position, and our products may become 
obsolete, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our 
periodic research and development expenses may be independent of our level of revenue, which could negatively impact 
our financial results. 
If we enable access to hosted software or begin performing services ahead of a signed contract or amendment to an 
existing contract, and the final terms are not as favorable as we expected or the customer delays entering, or decides 
not to enter, into the contract or amen dment, our results of operations could be harmed in the short term or overall 
and recognition of related revenue could be delayed or not occur at all. 
If we are unable to close new engagements or amendments to existing contracts on terms favorable to us, in a timely 
manner, or at all, including in cases wher e we have incurred costs or assigned engi neering resources in advance of entering 
into such engagements or amendments, our revenues may fa ll short of expectations and other revenue opportunities may 
have been delayed or lost. Further, the timing and length of negotiations required to enter into agreements with our 
customers and the enforcement of our complex contractual provisions is diffi cult to predict. If we do not successfully 
negotiate certain key complex contractual pr ovisions, if there are disputes regardi ng such provisions, or if they are not 
enforceable as we intended, our revenues and results of operations would suffer. Further, our customers sometimes delay 
starting negotiations until they begin developing a new proce ss, have a need for a new product, or experience specific 
yield issues. This means that, in certain instances we have continued, and may continue to provide technology and services 
under preliminary documentation before executing the final contract. In these cases, we would not recognize revenue and 
may defer associated costs until execution of a final contract, which, if significant, could negatively impact our results of 
operations in the periods before we execute a final contract. Furt her, if we were to incur sign ificant costs and then fail to 
enter into a final contract, we would have to write-off such deferred costs in the period in which the negotiations ended, 
which would increase our costs and expenses and could result in significant operating losses. 17 We rely on sole-source providers for certain software as well as for specialized parts for our eProbe hardware and 
supply-chain delays or disruptions could increase our costs or impact our ability to provide complete software solutions 
or to build additional hardware tools or meet customer exp ectations or deadlines, which could result in lost sales and 
lower earnings. 
We provide some enabling technology under license and support from sole-source providers and some of our vendors 
provide highly specialized , differentiated products and services related to our eProbe system. In the event these licensors 
or vendors delay or discontinue providing such products and services to us, it may be difficult and costly or impossible 
for us to replace such suppliers or parts. In the case of licensed software, this could impact our ability to grow our sales 
or to meet the support expectations of our customers and we may need to resort to legal action, which could limit our 
future sales, harm our reputation, increase our costs, and harm our earnings. For example, in November 2023, a provider 
of enabling technology abruptly stopped providing maintenance and support of their software product to us. As a result, 
we resorted to legal action, which caused us to incur increa sed legal expenses beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
The matter is ongoing, and the long-term impact of this prov ider’s actions on our business and our customers is unknown 
at this time. In the case of vendors related to our eProbe tool , such disruptions or delays could delay or stop our ability to 
complete and deliver our DFI systems as currently designed to our customers, which would negatively impact our 
bookings and revenue related to such systems. In additio n, such delays or disruptions to our supply chain could 
significantly increase our component costs, or personnel-related costs if we need to build a replacement solution in the 
case of certain software elements, and coul d impact our ability to build future generations or models of our eProbe tools, 
any of which would decrease or delay our sales, earnings, and liquidity and could otherwise adversely affect our business 
and result in increased costs. Such a delay or disruption coul d occur as a result of any number of events, including, but 
not limited to: failure to comply with existing contracts, highe r priority alternative buyers, inflation and global interest 
rates increasing component costs, a closure or slowdown at our suppliers’ plants or shipping delays, market shortages for 
critical components, increases in prices, the imposition of regulations, quotas, embargoes or tariffs on components or our 
products, labor stoppages or shortages, our suppliers’ supply chain disruptions, third-party interference, cyberattacks, 
severe weather conditions including the adverse effects of cl imate change-related events, geopolitical developments, war 
or terrorism, and disruptions in utilities and other services. In addition, the development, licensing, or acquisition of new 
products in the future may increase the complexity of supply chain management. Failure to effectively manage our supply 
of components and products could adversely affect our business. 
Our fixed-fee services for product or system installations/configurations or specified upgrades may take longer than 
budgeted or need to be rescoped, which could slow our reve nue recognition and may result in a lost contract or a claim 
of breach by our customers, which would negatively affect our financial and operating results. 
Our fixed-fee services, including for Characterization and enterprise softwa re deployments, require a team of 
engineers to collaborate with our customers to address complex issues by using our software and other technologies, and 
the installation and configuration of our software into ou r customers’ fabrication and test/assembly facilities requires 
experienced engineers working with our customers on active foundry and test/assembly equipment. We must accurately 
estimate the amount of time and resources needed to complete these types of serv ices to determine when the engineers 
will be able to commence their next engagement. In additi on, our accounting for contracts with such services, which 
generate fixed fees, sometimes requires adjustments to profit and loss based on revised estimates during the performance 
of the contract. These adjustments may have a material effect on our results of oper ations in the period in which they are 
made. The estimates giving rise to these risks, which are inhere nt in fixed-price co ntracts, include the forecasting of costs 
and schedules, and contract revenues related to contract perfo rmance. Services for system installations/configurations or 
specified upgrades may take longer than budgeted or need to be rescoped, which could impact our ability to deliver 
services on schedule. If we fail to meet a customer’s expectations or fixed milestones or delivery timelines, the customer 
could terminate their contract with us or claim that we breached our obliga tions, which could negatively affect our 
financial and operating results. 
Our ability to sell our products, systems, and solutions depends in part on th e quality of our support and services 
offerings, and the failure to offer high-quality support and services could negatively affect our sales and results of 
operations. 
Once our products are integrated within our customers’ hardware and software systems, our customers may depend 
on our support organization to resolve any issues relating to ou r products. Further, in connection with delivering our SaaS 
Services, which requires us to mainta in adequate server hardware and inte rnet infrastructure, including system 18 redundancies, we are required to meet contractual uptime obligations. A high level of system and support is critical for 
the successful marketing and sale of ou r products. If we do not effectively provide subscription access to our SaaS 
customers, assist our customers in deploying our products, succeed in helpin g our customers quickly resolve post-
deployment issues, and provide effective on-going support an d the privacy and data security capabilities required by our 
customers, we may face contractual penalties or customers may not renew subscriptions or services in the future, which 
would negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, due to our international operations, our system and support 
organization faces challenges associated with delivering su pport, hours that support is available, training, and 
documentation where the user’s native language may not be E nglish. If we fail to maintain high-quality support and 
services or fail to adequately address our customers’ support needs, our custom ers may choose our competitors’ products 
instead of ours, which would negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. 
Defects in our software, hardware and other proprietary t echnologies, and failure to effectively remedy any such 
defects could decrease our revenue and our competitive market share. 
If the software, hardware, or other proprietary technologies we provide to customers contain defects that negatively 
impact customers’ ability to use our products and services, incr ease our customers’ cost of goods sold or time-to-market, 
or damage our customers’ property, such defects could significantly decrease th e market acceptance of our products and 
services and could result in warranty or other claims. We must adequately train our new personnel, especially our 
customer service and technical support pe rsonnel, to effectively and accurately, re spond to and support our customers. If 
we fail to do this, it could lead to dissatisfaction among our customers, which could slow our growth. Further, the cost of 
support resources required to remedy any defects in our so ftware, hardware and other proprietary technologies could 
exceed our expectations. 
We have and may further incorporate ML, AI and related t echnologies (“AI Technologies ”) in product development, 
or into our platform, offerings, services and features, and these technologies may b ecome more important in our 
operations over time. If the content, analyses, recommendations, or other output that AI Technologies assist in producing 
are or are alleged to be deficient, inacc urate, or imprecise, our business, financia l condition, and results of operations may 
be adversely affected. Any actual or perceived defects with our software, hardware, or other proprietary technologies 
may also hinder our ability to attract or retain industry partne rs or customers, leading to a decrease in our revenue. These 
defects are frequently found during the period following introduction of new software, hardware, or proprietary 
technologies or enhancements to existing software, hardware, or proprietary technologies, which means that we may not 
discover the errors or defects until after cu stomer implementation, if at all. If ou r software, hardware, or other proprietary 
technologies contain errors or defects, it could require us to expend significant resources to remedy these problems and 
defend/indemnify claims, which could reduce margins and result in the diversion of technical and other resources from 
our other customer implementations and development efforts. 
Objectionable disclosure of our custom ers’ confidential informatio n or our failure to comp ly with our customers’ 
security rules, including for those related to SaaS access, AI Technology use, or our on-site access, could result in 
costly litigation, cause us to lose existing and potential cu stomers, or otherwise negatively impact on-going business 
with existing customers. 
In the course of providing SaaS or other services engagements, we may collect customers’ product, process, and test 
information, personally-identifiable data about their employees needed to administer licenses, and other confidential 
information. Our customers consider most of this informat ion to be competitively sensitive and, in some cases, require 
us to comply with strict protection fr ameworks, including security rules for on -site or remote access to, hosting of, or 
transfer of their confidential in formation. As a result of increased regulatory and customer scrutiny of all data processing 
activities, as well as increasing and evolving regulation of such practices, we have security obligations on how we collect, 
transfer and use data (including personal data), which could require us to expend money and resources to comply with 
those requirements, and if compromised, could have a materi al adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and 
results of operations, including the potential for regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, lawsuits, and a loss of 
business and a degradation of our reputation. If we fail to implement industry standard protections and processing 
procedures, the growing awareness of our customers and potential customers regarding privacy and data security 
requirements and/or adverse media coverage or regulatory scrutiny could limit the use and adoption of our services. In 
addition, to avoid potential disclosure of confidential info rmation to competitors, some of our customers may, in the 
future, ask us not to work with key products or pr ocesses, which could limit our revenue opportunities. 19 If the third-party AI technologies we use for research a nd development purposes misuse or fail to properly protect 
the data we input or if an employee inputs our or our custom ers’ confidential information into an AI system that is not 
behind our corporate firewall or with which we do not have terms limiting the use of inputs, it may result in the 
unauthorized disclosure of sensitive, proprietary, or confid ential information belonging to us or our customers. For 
example, if the information input into a th ird-party AI technology system is used to train the underlying AI models, such 
inputs could be revealed to others. The third-party AI technologies may also provide outputs that appear to be correct but 
are incomplete, inaccurate, or otherwise flawed and may lead us to make erroneous decisions or recommendations to 
customers, which could result in harm to our reputation and competitive position, customer loss, and legal liability. 
We generate a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of customers, and a large percentage of our 
revenues from one customer, so defaults or decreased business with, or the loss of, any one of these customers, or 
pricing pressure, or customer consolidation could significantly reduce our revenues or margins and negatively impact 
our results of operations. 
Historically, we have had a small number of large customers that contribute significant revenues. In the year ended 
December 31, 2024, two customers accounted for 31% of our total revenues. We ha ve in the past and could in the future 
lose a customer due to its decision not to develop or produce its own future process node or not to engage us on future 
process nodes. We could also lose customers as a result of industry factors, including but not limited to reduced 
manufacturing volume or consolidation. Consolidation among our customers could also lead to increased customer 
bargaining power, or reduced customer spending on software and services. Further, new business may be delayed or 
prevented if a key customer uses its leverage to insist on term s that are worse for us and we delay entering into the contract 
to negotiate for better terms or decide not to enter into the co ntract at all, in which case revenue in any particular quarter 
or year may fail to meet expectations and our reliance on our remaining customers could increase. 
Further, if any of our key customers default, declare bankruptcy or otherwise delay or fail to pay amounts owed, or 
we otherwise have a dispute with any of these customers, our results of operations would be negatively affected in the 
short term and possibly the long term. For example, excluding contingent fee arrangements, we incurred substantial 
expenses related to the arbitration with SMIC New Technolo gy Research & Development (Shanghai) Corporation due to 
SMIC’s failure to pay fees due to us under a series of contracts. In 2025, if we are awarded any contract fees under the 
arbitration, we will incur additional expenses related to lega l fees that are contingent on such a favorable result, which 
may be substantial depending on the size of any award. The loss of revenue from any of our key customers would cause 
significant fluctuations in results of operations because our expenses are fixed in the short term and it takes us a long time 
to replace customers or reassign resources. 
If we do not continuously meet our development milestones of key research and development projects or market 
adoption of our DFI system fails to meet our expectations , our future market opportunity and revenues will suffer, 
and our costs may not be recouped. 
We have invested significantly in the design and development of our eProbe tool and related IP. Key customers 
failing to purchase, renew, or expand the number or use of su ch systems on our expected timeline or at all will cause our 
results to miss expectations. Also, if customers are not able to achieve the results they expect using our DFI system, 
including new applications, customers may not continue to adopt this system or such applications as we expect, or at all, 
and we may miss the market opportunity and not recoup our investment. Further, our eProbe tool could cause unexpected 
damage to wafers or delay processing wafers, which we coul d be liable for, or which could make customers unwilling to 
use the tool. If we are not able to create significant interest and show reliable and useful results without significant damage 
to wafers, our investment may not be recouped and our future results may suffer. 
We are required to comply with govern mental export and import requirements that could subject us to liability and 
restrict our ability to sell our products and services, which co uld impair our ability to compet e in international markets. 
We are required to comply with export controls and econ omic sanctions laws and regulations that restrict selling, 
shipping, or transmitting our products and services, transferring our technolo gy outside the United States, or certain U.S. 
person activities regarding certain end-users or end-uses. These requirements also restrict domestic release of software 
and technology to foreign nationals. In addition, we are subject to customs and other import requirements that regulate 
imports that are important for our business. If we fail to co mply with the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) 
or other U.S. or non-U.S. export or economic sanctions laws and regulations (collectively, “Export Regulations”), we 20 could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines for the Company and the possible loss of the 
ability to engage in exporting and other international transactions. Due to the nature of our business and technology, 
Export Regulations may also subject us to governmental inquiries regarding transactions between us and certain foreign 
entities. 
Export Regulations are fluid, complex, and uncertain, and there are ongoing efforts throughout the industry in 
coordination with regulators to revise, clarify, and interp ret Export Regulations. The U.S. Congress and regulators 
continue to consider significant changes in laws and regulations. For example, the U.S. government is reportedly 
considering whether and/or how to impose restrictions directly on cloud-hosted services and further restrictions directly 
on U.S. person activity. We cannot predict the impact that additional legal changes may have on our business in the 
future. For example, the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”) recently extended controls to renewal licenses for 
certain lawfully delivered products that would have change d status under new regulations and designations, causing us 
to decline certain rene wals. Also, BIS has placed certai n entities on and frequently adds entities to its entity list (the 
“Entity List”), which restricts supply of items to or in connection with the named entities and impacts our ability to 
transact business with certain customers. Further, in some circumstances Ex port Regulations require a license to export 
an item if the recipient will use the item to design or prod uce an item for a Huawei-affiliated company or certain other 
organizations on the Entity List. These regulations can also re quire licenses for exports that involve Chinese military or 
intelligence-related end users or end uses. 
Future changes in Export Regulations, including changes in the enforcement and scope of such regulations, may 
create delays in the introduction of our products or services in international markets or could prevent our customers with 
international operations from deploying our products or serv ices globally. In some cases, such changes could prevent the 
export of our products or services to cer tain countries, governments, entities or individuals altogether. Any such delays 
or restrictions could adversely affect our business, financ ial condition and results of operations. For further discussion, 
see Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 
Decreases in wafer volumes at our custom ers’ manufacturing sites or the volume of ICs that some of our customers 
are able to sell to their customers would caus e our Integrated Yield Ramp revenue to suffer. 
Our Integrated Yield Ramp revenue includes amounts largely determined by variable wafer volumes at 
manufacturing sites covered by our contracts and, in some cases, determined by the volume of an IC product that our 
customer is able to sell to its customers. Both of these factors are outside of our control. In recent years, we saw significan t 
reduction in our Integrated Yield Ramp revenue due to these trends. Further, some of our manufacturing customers’ 
business is largely dependent on customers that use our manufacturing customer as a second or third source. If those 
customers consolidate and/or otherwise move the orders to manufacturing facilities not co vered by our contracts, or 
suspend their manufacturing at covered facilities for any reas on, including consolidation, our Integrated Yield Ramp 
revenue will continue to decrease, which could negatively a ffect our financial results. Further, reduced demand for 
semiconductor products or protectionist policies like those stemming from the complex relationships among China, Hong 
Kong, Taiwan, and the United States has fr om time to time decreased and may contin ue to decrease the volume of wafers 
and, in some cases, products our customers are able to ma ke or sell, which would also decrease our Integrated Yield 
Ramp revenue. Also, our customers may unilaterally decide to implement changes to their manufacturing processes 
during the period that volume is covered by royalty contracts, which could negatively affect yield results and, thus, our 
Integrated Yield Ramp revenue. 
Since we currently work on a small number of large projects at specified manufacturing sites and, in some cases, on 
specific IC products, our results of operations have been an d may continue to be adversely affected by negative changes 
at those sites or in those products, including slowdowns in manufacturing due to external factors, such as U.S. trade 
restrictions, tariffs, rising inflation and global interest rates, or continued or worsening supply chain disruptions. Also, if 
wafer orders from sites covered by our contracts are not secured by our customers, if an end product does not achieve 
commercial viability, if a process line or, in some cases, a specifi c product, does not achieve significant increases in yield 
or sustain significant volume manufacturing during the time we receive royalties, revenues a ssociated with such volumes 
or products would be negatively impacted. This could significantly reduce our Integrated Yield Ramp revenue and our 
results of operations could fail to meet expectations. In add ition, if we work with two directly competitive manufacturing 
facilities or products, volume in one may offset volume, and thus any of our related revenue, in the other facility or 
product. 21 Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business 
through rapidly fluctuating economic an d market conditions, which actions may have an adverse effect on our 
financial and operating results. 
Our ability to successfu lly offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, 
forecasting, and management process to enable us to appropriately scale and adjust our business and business models in 
response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions, which has in the past and could in the future continue to 
require us to increase headcount, acquir e new companies or engage in restructur ings from time to time. For example, 
while we have increased investment in our business by in creasing headcount, acquiring co mpanies, and increasing our 
investment in research and development, sales and marketing, and other parts of our business from time to time, at other 
times we have undertaken restructuring initiatives to reduce expenses and align our operations with our evolving business 
needs. Some of our expenses related to such efforts are fixed costs that cannot be rapidly or easily adjusted in response 
to fluctuations in our business or headcount. Rapid change s in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, 
including sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop and deliver products and services as 
planned or impair our ability to realize our current or futu re business and financial objectives. Our ability to capitalize on 
the market opportunity and achieve cost savings and other benefits from restructuring initiatives within the expected time 
frame requires significant management input and leadership and is subject to many estimates and assumptions, which are 
subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncert ainties, some of which are beyond our control. If these 
estimates and assumptions are incorrect, an d we are unsuccessful at implementing cha nges, or if other unforeseen events 
occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
Global economic or geopolitical conditions or semiconduc tor market conditions could materially adversely impact 
demand for our products and services, decr ease our sales, or delay our sales cycle. 
Our customers are global semiconductor companies, which means that our operations and performance depend 
significantly on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions as well as se miconductor market specific changes. 
Current global economic conditions and uncertainty about fu ture conditions including war, terrorism, geopolitical 
uncertainties and other business interruptions could result in damage to, disruption, postponement or cancellation of sales 
of our products or services on a global or regional basis. Fu rthermore, tariffs, trade controls, export and import regulations, 
tighter credit, higher interest rates, inflationary concer ns, large-scale unemployment, negative financial news and/or 
declines in income or asset values and other macroeconomic factors could have a material adverse effect on demand for 
our products and services and, accordingly, on our business, results of operations or financial condition and/or vendors 
with which we do business. For example, the timing of the build-out of the semiconductor market in China depends 
significantly on governmental funding on both local and national levels and a delay in this funding could negatively affect 
our revenues. Further, the U.S. federal government has recently stated its intention to change U.S. trade policy, including 
potentially renegotiating or terminating ex isting trade agreements and leveraging tariffs. In February 2025, the U.S. 
imposed additional tariffs on imports from China and announced and subsequently paused implementation of tariffs on 
imports from Canada and Mexico. These additional tariffs, as well as a government’s adoption of “buy national” policies 
or retaliation by another government against such tariffs or policies, have introduced sign ificant uncertainty into the 
market and may affect the prices of and demand for our and our customers’ products. Further, the semiconductor industry 
historically has been volatile with up cycles and down cy cles, due to sudden changes in customers’ manufacturing 
capacity requirements and spending, which depend in part on ca pacity utilization, demand for customers’ IC products by 
consumers, inventory levels re lative to demand, and access to af fordable capital. As a result of the various factors that 
affect this volatility, the timing and length of any cycles can be difficult to predict and could be longer than anticipated. 
Any of these events could negatively affect our revenues and make it challenging or impossible for us to deliver products 
and services to our customers forecast ou r operating results, make business deci sions, and identify the risks that may 
affect our business, financial condition and results of opera tions. Customers with liquidity issues may also lead to 
additional credit losses. 
We face challenges in providing a comprehensive solution ou tside of the semiconductor industry due to limitations on 
the business areas in which we can use current third-pa rty licensed technology, which may make it prohibitively 
expensive to sell our solution for applications outside of our traditional industry. 
Since certain of our current software requires commercially-available, third-party programs to run as intended and 
some of our contracts with licensors limit the industry in which we can resell such third-party programs, we face 
challenges to provide a comprehensive solution to battery ma nufacturers. If we or our cu stomers are unable to procure 22 required third-party programs that can be used in connection with our products for battery manufacturing, or the cost to 
do so is higher than expected, we may miss the market oppo rtunity, which would mean lower sales than expected, or our 
costs may be higher, which would mean lower earnings than expected. Further, if we are unable to develop a suitable 
product that is not limited by such third-party restrictions and meets the market’s needs or the costs to do so is higher, or 
the time required to do so, is longer than expected, we may lose future business opportunities and our results of operations 
will suffer. 
Risks Related to Our Technology 
If we fail to protect our IP rights, cu stomers or potential compe titors may be able to use ou r technologies to develop 
their own solutions, which co uld weaken our competitive position, reduce our revenues, or increase our costs. 
Our success depends largely on the protection of our propri etary technology. Our contr actual, patent, copyright, 
trademark, and trade secret protection may not be effective against any particular th reat or in any particular location. Our 
pending patent applications may not result in issued patents, and even if issued, they may not be sufficiently broad to 
protect our proprietary technologies. Some foreign countries do not currently provide effective legal protection for IP and 
our ability to prevent the unauthorized use of our products in those countries is therefore limited. Our trade secrets may 
also be stolen, otherwise become know n, or be independently de veloped by competitors. L itigation may be necessary 
from time to time to enforce our IP rights. As a result of any such litigation, we could lose our proprietary rights and incur 
substantial unexpected operating costs. Litigation could al so divert our resources, including our managerial and 
engineering resources. If we are unable to exclude others from using our proprietary technologies and methods without 
compensation to us, through litigation or otherwise, it could impede our ability to grow our business and our revenues 
may suffer. 
We and our third-party service providers are exposed to risks related to information technology infrastructure, 
information management and protection, cybersecurity threats, and cyber incidents; if we or our third-party providers 
fail to protect confidential information and/or experience a cyber incident, there may be damage to our brand and 
reputation, material financial penalties, and legal liability. 
We are heavily reliant on our systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure, online sites, networks, and the 
public cloud to an increasing degree, to provide our products and services to our customers (collectively, “IT Systems”). 
Additionally, we must frequently expand our IT Systems to meet increasing demand in storage, computing and 
communication, which results in increased costs. Our IT Syst ems are expensive to expand and must be highly secure due 
to the sensitive nature of the information that we, and certain of our third-party providers, collect, maintain and process. 
This includes information about customers, employees, business partners and others, as well as proprietary information 
belonging to our business or that of our customers such as trade secrets (collectively, “Confidential Information”). 
We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that th reaten the confiden tiality, integrity and availability of our 
IT Systems and Confidential Information, including denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, “phishing” 
attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error, ma lfeasance, social engineering, deep-fake 
impersonations, physical breaches, or other events or developmen ts that we may be unable to anticipate or fail to mitigate. 
Bad actors use widely available access to generative AI technol ogy for more sophisticated and frequent cyber-attacks or 
fraudulent impersonations against us. In addition, any integr ation of AI in our or any service providers’ operations, 
products or services is expected to pose new or unknown cybersecurity risks and challenges. These attacks could come 
from either advanced persistent threat actors, state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers, hacktivists, or other 
individual organized or unorganized malicious actors. The expense to purchase, update, and configure security 
information systems to detect and/or ne utralize increasingly complex and sophisti cated attacks increases our costs and, 
failure to acquire the right expertise or systems may leave us vulnerable to attacks, which could expose Confidential 
Information, result in liability and have a negative impact on our reputation and business opportunity. In addition, 
companies that we acquire may have cybersecurity vulner abilities and/or unsophisticated security measures, which 
exposes us to significant cybersecurity, operational, and financia l risks. We are also subject to risks related to continued 
support of our employees’ remote or hybrid work enviro nment, which creates additio nal information security 
vulnerabilities and/or magnifies the impact of any disruption in our IT Systems. 
We rely on third-party service providers to enable key services to our customers, including for cloud services, 
enterprise software, customer support portal software, and co -location computing facilities. We have experienced in the 23 past, and may experience in the future , interruptions in our IT Systems on which our global operations depend or 
unplanned downtime of the infrastructure that delivers our SaaS. Such an unplanned interruption, even if temporary, 
could stop SaaS customers from accessing their hosted data or on-premise customers from downloading licensed software 
or critical security patches, or from acce ssing our support portal, which could mean that we may not meet our contractual 
commitments for such services to custom ers, which could reduce our revenue, incur liability, or result in damage to our 
reputation and negatively impact future sales. Further, the IT Systems that store and process our and our customers’ 
Confidential Information is susceptible to continually evolvi ng cybersecurity threats that become more complex over 
time, especially with the rapid evolution of AI technologies, and may not be recognized until launched against a target, 
all of which could result in unauthorized access to, or acqui sition of, our data, and interruption or disruption of our 
business. 
Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in frequency and ma gnitude as bad actors are becoming 
increasingly sophisticated in using techni ques and tools that circumvent security controls, evade detection, and remove 
forensic evidence. In addition, ransomware attacks are beco ming increasingly prevalent and severe, and can lead to 
significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational loss, diversion of funds, and may result 
in fines, litigation and unwanted media attention. As a result, we and our third-party servic e providers, with whom we 
share data, may be unable to anticipate these techniques or attacks or may not implement adequate preventative measures 
to prevent either unauthorized access to our IT Systems that could compromise Confidential Informat ion or result in a 
disruption of our services. In particular, like our peers, we ar e often the target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking 
unauthorized access to Confidential Information, or to disrupt our ability to provide services. There can be no assurance 
that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be 
fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our IT Systems and Confidential Information. Furthermore, 
given the nature of complex systems, software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we deploy across our 
networks and products, we regularly identify and track secur ity vulnerabilities. We are unable to comprehensively apply 
patches or confirm that measures are in place to mitigate a ll such vulnerabilities, or that patches will be applied before 
vulnerabilities are exploited by a threat actor. When we experience a security incident, we have to conduct an investigation 
and may need to notify individuals, customers, partners, se rvice providers and state, federal or local governmental 
authorities and regulators in the U.S. or elsewhere around the wo rld. In addition, any controls issues found during security 
assessment of our systems required by our customers and tec hnical partners may result in disclosure to customers and 
potential customers and cause customers to re-evaluate their purchasing or renewal decisions, which could cause us to 
lose sales. Accordingly, any adverse impact to the avai lability, integrity or confidentiality of our IT Systems or 
Confidential Information may lead to significant costs and fees for legal advice, investigation support, remediation, and 
result in legal risk exposure (such as cl ass actions), regulatory investigations an d enforcement actions, fines and penalties, 
damage and harm to our reputation, and impact on our ability to keep and attract customers. Any or all of the foregoing 
could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our insurance policies may 
not cover losses incurred in the event our systems or data ar e comprised, and they are subject to retention amounts that 
could be substantial. Moreover, we cannot be certain that su ch insurance policies will continue to be available to us on 
economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
We and our customers are subject to laws and regulations concerning data privacy, data security, consumer protection, 
and advertising and these laws and regulations are continually evolving, which exposes us to potential material risks, 
including significant liability, negative publicity, and/or an er osion of trust, which could materially adversely affect 
our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
We collect, use, store or disclose (collectively, “process” ) information that relates to individuals and/or constitutes 
“personal data,” “personal information,” “personally identifiable information,” or similar terms under applicable data 
privacy laws (collectively, “Personal Information”), including from employees and customers, in connection with the 
operation of our business. The Personal Information we process is subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local 
and non-U.S. laws, rules, regulations, industry standards, an d other requirements regarding privacy and data security, 
including in some cases the EU General Data Protection Re gulation, the UK General Data Protection Regulation and the 
UK Data Protection Act, as well as contractual commitments with our customers. These laws require us to adhere to 
certain disclosure restrictions and deletion obligations with respect to Personal Information, and allow for penalties for 
violations and, in some cases, a private right of action. Thes e laws also impose transparency and other obligations with 
respect to Personal Information and provide individuals with similar rights with respect to their Personal Information. 
We have invested, and continue to invest, human and technology resources in our efforts to comply with such 
requirements that are tim e-intensive and costly. The application and interp retation of such requir ements are constantly 24 evolving and are subject to change, creating a complex comp liance environment. In some cases, these requirements may 
be either unclear in their interpretation and application or they may have inconsistent or conflicting requirements with 
each other. If we underestimate the cost of compliance, we may have to divert resources and increase spending, which 
could adversely impact our financial results and any non-compliance could cause us to lose business, which would 
decrease our revenues. Further, there has been a substantial in crease in legislative activity and regulatory focus on data 
privacy and security in the United States and elsewhere, includ ing in relation to cybersecurity incidents. In addition, some 
such requirements place restric tions on our ability to process Personal Information across ou r business or across country 
borders. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such obligations may result in governmental investigations 
or enforcement actions, fines, litigation or legal proceedings (i ncluding class actions), or public statements against us by 
consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our customer s to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect 
on our reputation, results of operations, fi nancial condition, and business. We could incur significant costs in investigating 
and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay signifi cant damages or fines or be required to make changes to our 
business. These proceedings and any subsequent adverse outcomes may subject us to significant negative publicity and 
an erosion of trust. In the United States , we are subject to numerous federal, state and local data privacy and security laws 
and regulations governing the processing of information about individuals, including federal laws and state privacy laws, 
marketing and communications laws, laws regarding credit reports, data breach notification laws, and consumer 
protection laws, many of which carry significant potential fo r active enforcement and penalties. For example, the Federal 
Trade Commission and state regulat ors enforce a variety of data privacy issues, such as promises made in privacy policies 
or failures to appropriatel y protect information about individuals, as unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting 
commerce in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act or similar state laws. We are also subject to a patchwork of 
overlapping but different state privacy laws. 
Our technologies could infringe the IP rights of others, causing costly litigation and the loss of significant rights. 
Significant litigation regarding IP rights exists in the semiconductor industry. It is possible that a third party may 
claim that our technologies infringe their IP rights or misappropriate their trade secrets, which has happened in the past. 
Any claim, even if without merit, could be time consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, require us to enter into 
royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, subject us to damages or 
injunctions restricting our sale of products, invalidate a patent or family of patents, require us to refund license fees to 
our customers or to forgo future payments or require us to redesign certain of our products, any one of which could 
adversely affect our sales opportunities, expenses, and revenues. 
Competition in the market for data services and analytics an d related systems and services may intensify in the future, 
which could impede our ability to grow or execute our strategy. 
Our industry is marked by rapid technological developments and innovations (such as the use of AI and ML) and 
evolving industry standards. If we ar e unable to innovate quickly enough to keep pace with our competitors in 
incorporating such technological developments in our product offerings, our business could be harmed. See the discussion 
in “Competition” in Part 1, Item 1. “Business” section for more information about our curr ent competitors. There may be 
other competitors of which we are not aware, and we may compete with the products or offerings of our existing 
competitor companies or additional companies if we expand our offerings through acquisitions or development. The 
demand for solutions that address the need for better inte gration between the silicon design and manufacturing processes 
and the need for insight into performance of those manufa cturing processes may encourage new direct competitors to 
enter our market. Increased competition could lead to increa sed pricing pressure, negatively impacting our revenues, or 
a decreased ability to grow or execute our strategy. Also, our current and potential customers may choose to develop their 
own solutions internally or through another source, particularly if we are slow in deploying our solutions or improving 
them to meet market needs. These and other competitors may be able to operate with a lower cost structure than our 
engineering organization, which would give any such competitor’s products a competitive advantage over our solutions. 
Use of generative AI and other advanced AI Technologies for software develop ment may subject us to claims of 
misappropriation of others’ IP, bugs/errors, and ambiguous ownership of created content. 
Uncertainty around new and emerging AI technologies such as generative AI technology content creation may 
require additional investment to protect our proprietary datase ts, ML models, and systems to test for accuracy, bias and 
other variables, which may be costly and could impact our profit margin if we decide to expand generative AI into our 
product offerings. Acquiring licenses to programs to check programs written with the help of AI technologies, including 25 determining whether such programs are secure and reliable, may also increase the cost profile of our offerings. 
Additionally, we could be liable for any inaccuracies or errors in software that we release that causes downtime or other 
damage to our customers’ facilities or production lines, wh ich could greatly increase our expenses and decrease our 
earnings. 
Use of open-source software (“OSS”) together with our products exposes us to potential legal liability and could 
negatively affect our ability to protect our intellectual pr operty, and if support and updates for the OSS that we 
currently use in providing our products and services is no t available to us, our financial results could be negatively 
impacted. 
We use open-source software (“OSS”) in delivering products and services to our customers and in some cases are 
not able to obtain support or updates for some programs. Change of terms for support for OSS, or lack of support or 
updates for such OSS, could significantly increase our costs to deliver our products and servi ces or cause a temporary or 
long-term disruption in our ability to use such OSS in our produc ts and services or make it harder or impossible to mitigate 
vulnerabilities or risks associated with such software. This c ould negatively impact customers’ perception of our security 
or quality, cause us to lose business, or adversely impact our financial results. 
From time to time, companies that use OSS have faced clai ms challenging the use of OSS or compliance with open 
source license terms, and we could be subject to such laws uits. The terms of many OSS licen ses to which we are subject 
have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source licenses could be construed in a 
manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our provision of our products and services. Litigation 
could be costly for us to defend, harm our business, results of operations or financial condition or require us to devote 
additional research and development resources to change our platform. 
In addition, if we were to combine our proprietary softwa re with OSS in a certain manner, we could, under certain 
open source licenses, be required to releas e the source code of our proprietary so ftware. If we inappropriately use OSS, 
we may be required to re-engineer parts of our platform, extract the OSS at issue or take other remedial actions. In addition 
to risks related to license requirements, use of certain OSS can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial 
software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warr anties, indemnities or controls on the origin of software 
equivalent to those provided by third-party commercial software providers. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact 
the value or enforceability of ou r intellectual property, and mate rially adversely affect our bu siness, results of operations, 
and financial condition. 
Risks Related to Our Operations 
We face operational and financial risks associated with in ternational customers and operations that could negatively 
impact our revenues. 
We have customers globally and our standard operations include development, distribution processes, software 
download sites, and professional service centers and processes in various geographies around the world, including 
employees and contractors located in Shan ghai, China and Ramallah, Palestine, Is rael, and Taiwan. Any of the following 
could disrupt or limit our business opportunities, the wo rk our international employees and contractors perform, 
negatively affect the range of services we are able to provide from anywhere, or increase our cost for such services: 
• changing circumstances in China rega rding investments in the semiconductor industry by both private and 
public entities within China, which if the level of inve stments is substantially reduced could limit our future 
growth potential; 
• limits on access (i) by some of our key engineers and ot her personnel that are foreign nationals to certain 
technical information under U.S. export laws or by certain of our customers, or (ii) by such individuals to 
the United States and other countries in which our customers or our offices may be located; 
• difficulties recruiting, training, and retaining qualifie d technical and managerial employees in non-U.S. 
offices, and actions taken by our local dealers and partners, for which we may be liable and incur penalties, 
legal expenses, or have to pay damages, which wo uld negatively impact our results of operations; 26 • greater difficulty in coll ecting accounts receivable from non-U.S. customers, resu lting in longer collection 
periods, credit losses, and increased costs to collect; 
• inconsistencies among, and unexpect ed changes in, non-U.S. laws and regulatory environments, including, 
among others, those related to human resources, personal data, tax, protection of IP, corporate governance, 
and U.S laws and regulations related to anti-corruption, imports and expor ts, and trade and export controls, 
which could result in (i) substantial expense to us as we attempt to comply and resolve inconsistencies, 
(ii) liability for inadvertent or intentional breach, fo r example through fraudulent or negligent behavior of 
individual employees, and (iii) a requirement to make significant changes in our business operations or 
forego international business opportunities for a period of time or altogether, any of which could adversely 
affect our revenues or our overall business; 
• currency risk (i) due to certain of our payables and our international offices’ payables denominated in 
foreign currencies, including the Euro, Yen, and RM B, while predominantly all of our revenues is 
denominated in U.S. dollars, or (ii) in the event a larger portion of our revenues becomes denominated in 
foreign currencies, in either case, which could increase th e cost in U.S. dollars to us or decrease the expected 
amount of revenues in U.S. dolla rs by the time of payment; or, 
• economic or political actions, policies, or instability , and the resulting restrictions and disruption to 
economic activity and business operations in such areas, which could potentially (i) interrupt our customers’ 
ability in such locations to make use of our products or services, or for our employees or contractors to 
provide services, (ii) impact our customers’ desire to buy local, or (iii) limit our ability to supply products, 
services and technologies to affected entities and countries, any of which may negatively impact our 
financial results. 
Measurement of our variable considera tion sometimes require data collection an d customers’ use of estimates and are 
contingent upon customers’ consent and may be later offset if actual data differ from customers’ estimates, which can 
result in uncertainty and cause qu arterly results to fluctuate. 
We can only recognize volume- or average selling price- (“ASP”) based royalties once we have reached agreement 
with our customers on their level of yield performance improvements or ASP and quarterly agreements are sometimes 
based on estimates of volume results or ASP for each quarter. Measuring the amou nt of yield improvement is inherently 
complicated and dependent on our customer s’ internal processes and on certain non-public information that may not be 
directly available to us. Thus, there ma y be uncertainty as to some components of measurement or calculation. Also, 
some variable consideration can be highly susceptible to de lays in our customers’ measurement of key factors such as 
reporting volumes results and level of yield or ASP. Therefor e, we may have to estimate revenue related to contingent 
variable fees or usage- or sales-ba sed royalties prior to the receipt of pe rformance repo rts, such as royalty 
acknowledgements, or other related information from customer s. These estimates are subject to judgment to evaluate 
whether it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur in future periods, which could result in our 
recognition of less Integrated Yield Ramp revenue than expect ed that may later be offset when actual results become 
available if such results differ from estimates. 
Errors affecting our proprietary hardware and software syst ems located in customers’ or third-parties’ facilities could 
lead to liability for us, and any objection from such customer s or third-parties or delay in providing us physical or 
logical access to such systems may adversely impact ou r ability to timely perform our cont ract obligations or lead to 
confidentiality, integrity, availability, security, or privacy controls exceptions. 
In connection with our data services offerings, we rely on installing, configuring, and operating proprietary 
configurations of hardware and/or software systems in facilities owned and operated by customers and third parties 
around the world. If the customer or third-party facility owner/operator does not allow us to install, access and maintain, 
or otherwise operate our systems as intended, we may fail to timely fulfill our contractual obligations to, or expectations 
of, our customers or such third-party facility owner/operator . Also, any intentional or unintentional disruption of the 
operation of these proprietary systems may lead to customer or third-party facility owner/operator dissatisfaction, which 
could cause us to lose such site as a connected site or lose future bookings, which would reduce revenue and negatively 
impact our earnings. Add itionally, any potential or actual malicious cybers ecurity incident or acci dental misconfiguration 27 resulting in a data security incident involving these prop rietary systems may require co mplex diagnosis and mitigation 
because they are located at customers’ and third- parties’ facilities and this may lead to delays, errors, lack of system 
availability, loss of our customers’ data integrity, or further unauthorized disclosure of customer or third-party 
confidential or personal data. Further, if our system causes downtime or other disruption or loss to such customer or third-
party facility, we could be liable for damages associated with such event, which could increase our expenses and distract 
management, and cause other customers or third-party facilities to not want to work with us. 
Installing and maintaining such proprietary systems around the world requires that we manage the complexity of 
global operations of individual installations at a large number of different third parties in various countries. The cost and 
complexity of obtaining support, installing updated security patches, and addressing any other critical vulnerabilities in 
each individual physical system may lead to exceptions in cont rols of confidentiality, availa bility, integrity, security, and 
privacy, which could negatively impact the availability of our da ta services to customers, damage our reputation, or lead 
to lower bookings or sales. 
Delayed payment terms and un paid accounts receivable will negatively im pact our cash in the short term and if 
customers fail to pay unsecured accounts receivable for a sign ificant time or at all, we may be required to write-off 
receivables or increase our expense or allowance for credit losses. 
From time to time, we give customers delayed payment term s in connection with reaching final agreement on large 
contracts. When we do this, and if we continue to do it in the future on equal or larger total amounts, our cash is negatively 
impacted in the short-term. Since we ge nerally do not require collateral or othe r security for accounts receivable, if 
customers fail to pay balances when due, in whole or part, we may incur additional expenses attempting to collect and 
our business relationship and future business with any such cu stomer could suffer as a result of such collection efforts. 
We may also e xperience greater difficulty in collecting accounts receiva ble from non-U.S. custom ers, resulting in longer 
collection periods, credit losses, and increased costs to collect. If customers fail to pay at all, in whole or in part, we may 
have to write-off a portion or all of su ch receivables or to increase our expense or allowance for cred it losses. Our accounts 
receivable balance, net of allowance fo r credit losses, was $73.6 million and $44.9 million as of December 31, 2024 and 
2023, respectively. Unb illed accounts receivable, includ ed in accounts receiv able, totaled $23.0 m illion and $16.4 million 
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Unbilled acc ounts receivable that are not expected to be billed and 
collected during the succeeding twelve-month period ar e recorded in other non-current assets an d totaled $9.0 million 
and $1.1 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, resp ectively. Four customers acco unted for 57% of our gross 
accounts receivable as of December 31, 2024, and two custom ers accounted for 50% of our gross accounts receivable as 
of December 31, 2023. The total allowance for credit losses was $0.9 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
Tax Risks 
Changes in tax laws, both within the United States and outside of the United States, could change our tax burden and 
adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
We conduct our business globally and, as a result, are subject to taxation in the United States and foreign countries. 
Our future tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in ta x laws or the interpretation of such tax 
laws, insufficient taxable income to rea lize deferred tax assets, and changes in acc ounting policies. Our filings are subject 
to reviews or audit by the Inte rnal Revenue Service and state, local and foreign taxing authorities. We cannot be sure that 
any final determination in an audit would not be materially different than the treatment reflected in our historical income 
tax provisions and accruals. If additional taxes are assessed as a result of an audit, there could be a significant negative 
effect on our income tax provision and our operating results in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 
Any changes in our geographical earnings mix in various tax ju risdictions, including those resulting from transfer pricing 
adjustments, could materially increase our effective tax rate. 
We could lose the benefit of all or part of our deferred ta x asset position, including the utilization of net operating loss 
and tax credit carryforwards, if we do not earn futu re taxable income in the applicable jurisdiction. 
Realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent primarily upon future taxable income in the applicable jurisdiction. 
We previously recorded a full valuation allowance against all of our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets due to the 
uncertainty surrounding the future realization of these deferred tax assets. Therefore, no benefit has been recognized for 
the net operating loss carryforw ards, tax credit carryforwards, and other deferre d tax assets. A portion of our net operating 28 loss and tax credits could expire unused and be unavailable to reduce future income tax liabilities. We intend to continue 
maintaining a full valuation allowance on these deferred tax asse ts until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal 
of all or some portion of these allowances. We evaluate our deferred tax assets for rea lizability each repor ting period. If 
we delay or never release such valuation allowance , the corresponding benefit would be delayed or lost. 
Risks Related to Our Strategic Transactions 
If we do not realize the benefits of our strategic relationships after we have devote significant time and resources to 
developing them, it could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
We have in the past devoted, and plan in the future to devote, time and resources to identifying, developing, and 
promoting strategic relationships with other suppliers to provi de combined, integrated, or interoperable solutions to the 
semiconductor, electronics, and automotive industries. The full extent of the future impact of these strategic relationships 
on our financial condition and results of operations is curren tly unknown and the failure to reap the anticipated benefits 
of these companies’ financial resources, technology, customer relatio nships, and global footprint and/or to successfully 
develop combined, integrated, or interoperable solutions with such companies could have an adverse effect on our 
business and results of operations. 
Our acquisitions create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our financial results. 
Our success depends on our ability to continually enha nce and broaden our pr oduct offerings in re sponse to changing 
technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures. To this end, we have, from time to time, engaged in the 
process of identifying, analyzing, and negotiating possible acqu isition transactions, and, from time to time, acquiring one 
or more businesses, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We may, however, face competition for acquisition 
targets from larger or more established companies with gr eater financial resources, making it more difficult or more 
expensive for us to complete acquisitions. We may not be successful in completing and closing announced acquisitions, 
such as our planned acquisition of SecureWise LLC announced in February 2025, or in entering into future acquisitions 
on favorable terms, and we may not realize the benefits that we anticipate from one or more acquisitions that we do close. 
Integrating any business, product, technology, or service into our current operations could be expensive and time-
consuming and/or disrupt our ongoing business. Further, th ere are numerous risks associated with acquisitions and 
potential acquisitions, including, but not limited to, problems combining the purchased op erations, technologies or 
products, unanticipated costs, liabilities, litigation, and dive rsion of management’s attenti on from our core businesses, 
adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, risks associat ed with entering markets in 
which we have no or limited prior experience, and where comp etitors in such markets have stronger market positions, 
initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners, failure of our due diligence processes 
to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges of an acquired company or technology, and the potential 
loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors, and other business partners of the companies we acquire. 
We may not be able to successfully integrate businesses, products, technologies, or pers onnel that we might acquire 
and the transaction may not advance our business strategy. The integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to 
be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues or other benefits 
associated with our acquisitions. If we fail to successfully ma nage, operate, or integrate any acquired business or if we 
are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization, including through the use of common information and 
communication systems, operating procedures, financial cont rols, and human resources practices, we could be required 
to write-down investments and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. We 
may also be unable to protect or enforce the IP rights of any target business that we acquire, or such target businesses 
may become subject to claims of IP infringement. Further, if we become subject to liabilities as a result of an acquisition, 
the liabilities we incur may be substantia l and the amounts of such liabilities may not be covered by and/or may exceed 
any liability protections. 
In connection with certain acquisitions, we have in the past and may in the future issue common stock, or assume 
equity awards, that dilute the ownership of our current stockholders, use a substantial portion of our cash resources, 
assume liabilities (both known and unknown), record goodwill and amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to 
impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amor tization expenses related to 
certain intangible assets, incur large and immediate write-o ffs and restructuring and other related expenses, or incur 
substantial amounts of debt, all of which could harm our financial condition and results of operations. 29 General Risk Factors 
If we are not able to retain, attract, motivate, and strategically locate ta lented employees, including some key 
executives, our business may suffer. 
Our success and competitiveness depend on our ability to retain, attract, motivate, and strategically locate in our 
offices around the globe, talented employees, including some of our key executives. Achieving this objective may be 
difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, changes in our 
management or leadership, the hiring practices at our co mpetitors or customers, cost reduction activities, and the 
effectiveness of our recruiting and compen sation programs, including equity-based programs. Further, we have had, and 
expect to continue to have, difficulty in obtaining visas permitting entry for some of our employees that are foreign 
nationals into the United States, and delays in obtaining visa s permitting entry into other key countries, for several of our 
key personnel, which disrupts our ability to strategically locate our personnel. In the past the United States has and, in 
the future, the United States may again increase the level of scrutiny in granting H-1(b), L-1, and other business visas. 
Compliance with United States immigration and labor laws c ould require us to incur additional unexpected labor costs 
and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain skilled prof essionals. If we lose the services of certain of our key 
executives or a significant number of our engineers, it could disrupt our ability to implement our business strategy. If we 
do not successfully attract, retain, and mo tivate key employees, including key exec utives, we may be unable to realize 
our business objectives and our operating results may suffer. 
Our operating results vary quarter to quarter, which could result in not meeting investors’ expectations and stock price 
volatility. 
Our stock price has been and may continue to be subject to fluctuations, including as a result of varying operating 
results, changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors’ or analysts’ 
valuation measures for our stock and other factors beyond our control including macroeconomic factors. Our stock price 
may be adversely impacted by announcements related to financial results or forecasts that fail to meet or are inconsistent 
with earlier projections or the expectations of our securitie s analysts or investors, announcements of new products or 
acquisitions of new technologies by us, our competitors or our customers, or announcements of acquisitions, major 
transactions, litigation developments or management change s. Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment 
community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business or security of our products, 
can cause changes in our stock price. Also, significant volat ility in our stock price could be followed by a securities class 
action lawsuit, which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. 
Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, which 
could require significant resources in attempts to comply or expose us to legal liability if we fail to comply. 
We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory 
organizations, including the SEC, the Nasdaq Stock Market, and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), 
as well as evolving investor, customer, employee and other stakeholder expectations around corporate governance, 
executive compensation and environmental a nd social practices and related disclosures. These rules, regulations and 
expectations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, a nd many new requirements have been created in response to 
laws enacted by U.S. and non-U.S. governments, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. For example, in 
January 2025, President Trump signed an executive order direc ting federal agencies to take steps to target diversity, 
equity and inclusion practices in the priv ate sector, including directing each agency to identify up to nine opportune civil 
compliance investigations of publicly traded corporations, among others. We may be subject to increased litigation and 
regulatory scrutiny regarding these practices. We expect that changing rules and laws related to corporate governance, 
environmental and social matters, as well as increased enfo rcement actions by various governmental and regulatory 
agencies, will continue to increase the cost of our complia nce and internal risk manage ment programs, which could 
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 30 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actio ns of activist shareholders, and such activism could impact 
our stock price. 
Publicly-traded companies have increasingly become subject to activist investor campaigns. Responding to actions 
of an activist investor may be a significant distraction for our management and staff and could require us to expend 
significant time and resources, including legal fees and po tential proxy solicitation expenses. Any of these conditions 
could materially adversely affect our financial performance and stock price. 
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
None. 
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
We recognize the importance of assessing , identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity 
threats, as such term is defined in It em 106(a) of Regulation S-K. These risks include, among other things, operational 
risks, intellectual property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees or customers, violation of privacy or security laws 
and other litigation and legal risk, and reputational risks. We have implemented severa l cybersecurity processes, 
technologies, and controls in an effort to assess, identify, and manage such material risks. 
Our process for identifying and assessing material risks fr om cybersecurity threats oper ates alongside our broader 
overall risk assessment process, covering all company risks. As part of this process appropriate disclosure personnel will 
collaborate with subject matter specialists, at least annually and more frequently as necessa ry due to business changes or 
external changes, to gather insights for identifying and assessing material cybersec urity threat risks, their severity, and 
potential mitigations. 
We also have a cybersecurity specific risk assessment process, which helps id entify our cybersecurity threat risks. 
As part of this process, and our processes aimed at providin g for the availability of critical data and systems, maintaining 
regulatory compliance, identifying and managing our risks from cybersecurity threats, and protecting against, detecting, 
and responding to cybersecurity incidents, as such term is defined in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K, we undertake the 
below listed activities, among others: 
• maintain a risk register and risk assessment pro cess based on The National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework (however, this does not imply that we meet any particular 
technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that we use the NIST Cybersecurity Framework 
as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business); 
• use various third-party software testing products and serv ices designed to test and assess the security of our 
software; 
• closely monitor emerging data protection laws and implement changes to our processes designed to comply 
with such laws; 
• undertake an annual review of our policie s and statements related to cybersecurity; 
• proactively inform our customers of substantive changes related to customer data handling through 
disclosures in our SOC 2 Type 2 report or other contractually mandated disclosures; 
• conduct annual cybersecurity training for employ ees and contractors with access to PDF systems and 
sensitive data; 
• conduct incident management training and practice for individuals with responsibilities responding to a 
cyber incident; 31 • conduct regular phishing email simulations for employ ees and contractors with access to corporate email 
systems to enhance awareness and resp onsiveness to such possible threats; 
• use findings and root cause analysis of cybersecurity incidents to improve our cybersecurity processes and 
technologies; 
• maintain technologies designed to provide network and endpoint monitoring, regular vulnerability 
assessments, and annual penetration te sting to improve our information syst ems, as such term is defined in 
Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K; 
• carry information security risk insurance that provides protection against the potential losses arising from a 
cybersecurity incident; 
• maintain an employee handbook, Code of Conduct, and Acceptable Use policy that makes clear the 
importance of cybersecurity and protection of PDF and customer intellectual property; and 
• our incident response policy and plan specify the activities we take to prepare for, detect, respond to and 
recover from cybersecurity incidents, which include processes to triage, assess severity for, escalate, 
contain, investigate, and remediate the incident, as well as to comply with potentially applicable legal and 
reporting obligations and mitigate brand and reputatio nal damage. We regularly exercise and update the 
plan after actual incident responses or simulated incident response scenarios. 
We subscribe to several external independent monitoring services to score and assess our externally facing network 
and information services and we engage a third-party secu rity firm at least annually to conduct external and web 
penetration testing exercises on our corporate network and our commercial SaaS service platform. 
Our processes also address cybersecurity threat risks associated with our us e of third-party service providers, 
including those in our supply chain or wh o have access to our customer and employee data or to our sy stems. Third-party 
risks are included within our broader ov erall risk assessment and management process, as well as our cybersecurity-
specific risk identification program, both of which are discu ssed above. In addition, cybersecurity considerations affect 
the selection and oversight of our third-party service providers during vendor onboarding and during periodic reviews. 
We perform diligence on thir d parties that have access to our systems, data or facilities that house such systems or data, 
and regularly monitor cybersecurity threat risks identified through such diligence. Additionally, we generally require 
those third parties that could introduce significant cybersecurity risk to us to agree by contract to manage their 
cybersecurity risks in specified ways, and to agree to be subject to cybersecurity audits or independent information 
security assessments or certifications. Additionally, we have processes designed to monitor public and federal 
government database and other sources for evidence of know n and/or exploited vulnerabilitie s in third-party services 
including those provided as SaaS and we take action to reme diate or establish compensating controls if those systems are 
determined to be critical to our cybersecu rity. We also maintain disaster recove ry plans in place for all mission critical 
parts of the business, although we do not have a business continuity plan developed to account for all continuity risks. 
We describe whether and how risks from identified cybers ecurity threats, including as a result of any previous 
cybersecurity incidents, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, 
or financial condition, under the headings “We, and our thir d-party service providers, are exposed to risks related to 
information technology infrastructure, information management and protection, cybersecurity threats, and cyber incident; 
if we or our third-party providers fail to protect confidential information and/or experience a cyber incident, there may 
be damage to our brand and reputation, material financial pe nalties, and legal liability.” and “Our business is subject to 
evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to 
environmental, social and governance matters that could expose us to numerous risks. ” included as part of our risk factor 
disclosures at Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
For more than 5 years, we have not identified any known cybersecurity threats includi ng as a result of any prior 
cybersecurity incidents, that have materially impacted us, including the expenses we have incurred from cybersecurity 
incidents that were immaterial. This includes penalties and settlements, of whic h there were none. We face risks from 32 cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially aff ect us, including our operations, business 
strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 
Cybersecurity Governance 
Information technology and data security, particularly cybersecurity, is a top area of focus for our Board of Directors, 
who views our focus in these areas as essential for the success of our company and the broader technology industry in 
which we operate. 
As described in the Audit Committee Charter of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee is tasked with oversight 
of certain risk issues, including cybers ecurity. The Audit Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors, two 
of whom have significant work experience related to information security issues or oversight. Management reports high 
severity security incidents to the Audit Committee after they are discovered. Additionally, management provides a 
summary four times per year of all security incidents to the Audit Committee. The full Board of Directors is also provided 
an annual assessment of our security pr ogram, our internal response prepared ness, and assessments led by outside 
assessors and auditors. 
Our Audit Committee is regularly involved in reviewing cybe rsecurity risk management. At least quarterly, the Vice 
President of Operations presen ts and reviews key security metrics with th e Audit Committee including a review of cyber-
security events, cybersecurity initiatives and new or developi ng cybersecurity risks relevant to the business. The Audit 
Committee, which comprises at least two individuals with e xperience in cybersecurity and related matters, meets with 
these members of senior management to review our informa tion technology and data security policies and practices, and 
to assess current and projected threats, c ybersecurity incidents, and related risks. Our Vice President of Operations reports 
directly to our executive management team and advises the company on cybersecurity risks and assesses the effectiveness 
of information technology and information security proces ses and business policies impacting our overall cybersecurity 
risk. 
Our cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes, which are discussed in greater detail above, are led by 
our Vice President of Operations and a cross section of subject matter experts from Information Technology, Exensio 
Cloud Operations and Corporate Legal and team. Such individuals have collectively over 30 years of prior work 
experience in various roles involving managing informatio n security, data privacy risks and regulatory frameworks, 
developing cybersecurity strategy, implementing effective in formation and cybersecurity programs and experience in 
security controls testing and the planning and ex ecuting of independent cybersecurity assessments. 
Our Incident Response Policy is reviewed annually and documents the controls and procedures for timely and 
accurate reporting of material cybersecurity incide nts to the relevant parties, in cluding the Audit Committee when 
applicable. Our Incident Response Team leads the response to any reported cybersecurity event and comprises experts 
from Engineering, Information Technology, Le gal, Cloud Operations, and Network Security. 
The Vice President of Operations and Executive Vice President of Products and Solutions are informed about and 
monitor the prevention, mitigation, detection, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, 
and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above including the incident 
response. 
Item 2. Properties 
Our principal executive offices are located in Santa Clara, California, wh ere we lease approximately 20,800 square 
feet of office space under a lease agreemen t that expires in August 2028. We al so lease additional facilities and offices 
in Milpitas, California; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; Richardson, Texas; Salt Lake City, Utah; Deer Park, Illinois; Shanghai, 
China; Canada; France; Germany; Italy; Japan; South Korea; and Taiwan for local sales, product development and 
technical support. 
We believe our existing and planned facilities and offices are adequate to meet our current needs and are being 
utilized consistently with our past practice. We consistently look for opportunities to minimize costs related to office 33 space through improv ed efficiencies and intend to make changes to leas ed facilities in the future as appropriate to reflect 
changes in worldwide operations and headcount. 
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
From time to time, the Company is subject to various claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course 
of business. The Company accrues for lo sses related to litigation when a potential loss is probable and the loss can be 
reasonably estimated in accorda nce with FASB requirements. 
On May 6, 2020, the Company initiated an arbitration proceeding with the Hong Kong Internatio nal Arbitration 
Center (the “Tribunal”) against SMIC New Technology Res earch & Development (Shanghai) Corporation (“SMIC”) due 
to SMIC’s failure to pay fees due to the Company under a se ries of contracts. The Company seeks to recover the unpaid 
fees, a declaration requiring SMIC to pa y fees under the contracts in the futu re (or a lump sum payment to end the 
contract), and costs associated with bringing the arbitratio n proceeding. SMIC denies liability and an arbitration hearing 
was held in February 2023. Final written submissions were submitted by the parties at the end of August 2023, and the 
parties submitted answers to the Tribunal’s final questions in August 2024. The Company is awaiting the Tribunal’s 
decision on a judgment. 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
Not applicable. 
 34 PART II 
Item 5. Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matte rs and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities 
Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market unde r the symbol “PDFS.” As of February 21, 2025, we had 
approximately 24 stockholders of record. The number of stockholders of record does not include individuals whose stock 
is in nominee or “street name” accounts through brokers. 
Dividend Policy 
No cash dividends were declared or paid in 2024, 2023 and 2022. We currently intend to retain all available funds 
to finance future growth, product development, and stock repurchases and, therefore, do not anticipate paying any cash 
dividends on our common stoc k for the foreseeable future. 
Stock Performance Graph 
The performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise 
subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of 
PDF Solutions under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
The following graph and tables compare the cumulative total stockholder return data for our stock since 
December 31, 2019, to the cumu lative return over such period of (i) The Na sdaq Composite Index and (ii) The S&P 600 
Information Technology (Sector) (TR) Index. The graph assumes that $100 wa s invested on Decem ber 31, 2019. The 
graph and tables further assume that such amount was initially invested in the Common Stock of the Company at a per 
share price of $16.89 (closing price on December 31, 2019) and that any dividends were reinvested. This performance 
graph and the corresponding tables are not “soliciting material,” are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be 
incorporated by reference in any filing by us under the Secu rities Act or the Exchange Act whether made before or after 
the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. The stock price performance on 
the following graph and tables is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* 
Among PDF Solutions, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index 
and the S&P 600 Informati on Technology (Sector) TR 
 
 35 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
None. 
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Aff iliated Purchasers 
On April 11, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted a stock repurchase program (the “2022 Program”) to repurchase 
up to $35.0 million of the Company’s common stock both on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, 
including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, from time to time, over the next two years from the adoption date. No shares were 
repurchased by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
The 2022 Program expired on April 11, 2024, and on April 15, 2024, the Board of Directors adopted a new repurchase 
program (the “2024 Program”) to repur chase up to $40.0 million of the Company’s common stock both on the open 
market and in privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, from time to time, over the next 
two years from the adoption date. The actual timing and amount of repurchases are subject to business and market 
conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock pr ice, acquisition opportunities and other factors. The 2024 
Program does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares and may be modified, suspended or 
terminated without prior notice. Th e Company has not repurchased any shares under the 2024 Program. 
There were no purchases made by or on behalf of the Comp any or any “affiliated purchaser” (as the term is defined 
in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of the Company’s common stock during the fourth quarter ended 
December 31, 2024. 
Item 6. Reserved 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Overview 
We offer products and services designed to empower or ganizations across the semi conductor and electronics 
ecosystems to connect, collect, manage, and analyze data abou t design, equipment, manufacturing, and test to improve 
the yield and quality of their products. We derive revenues from two sources: Analytics and Integrated Yield Ramp. Our 
offerings combine proprietary software, professional services using proven methodologies and third-party cloud-hosting 
platforms for SaaS, electrical measuremen t hardware tools, and physical IP for IC designs. We primarily monetize our 
offerings through license fees and contract fees for profes sional services and SaaS. In some cases, especially on our 
historical Integrated Yield Ra mp engagements, we also receive a value-ba sed variable fee or royalty, which we call 
Gainshare. Our products, services, and solutions have been sold to IDMs, fabless semiconductor companies, foundries, 
OSATs, capital equipment manufacturers and system houses. 
Industry Trends 
Certain trends may affect our Analytic s revenue specifically. In particular, the confluence of Industry 4.0 (i.e. the 
fourth industrial revolution, or the automation and data exchange in manufacturing technologies and processes) and cloud 
computing (i.e. the on-demand availability of computing resour ces and data storage without direct active management by 
the user) is driving increased innovation in semiconductor and electronics manufacturing and analytics, as well as in the 
organization of information technology (“IT”) networks and computing at semiconductor and electronics companies 
across the ecosystem. First, the ubiquity of wireless conn ectivity and sensor technology enables any manufacturing 
company to augment its factories and visua lize its entire production line. In parallel, the cost per terabyte of data storage 
has generally decreased over time. The comb ination of these two trends means that more data is collected and stored than 
ever before. Further, semiconductor companie s are striving to analyze these very larg e data sets in real-time to make rapid 
decisions that measurably improve manu facturing efficiency and quality. In parallel, the traditional practice of on-site 
data storage, even for highly sensitive data, is changing. The ability to cost-effectively and se curely store, analyze, and 
retrieve massive quantities of data from the cloud versus on -premise enables data to be utilized across a much broader 
population of users, frequently resulting in greater demands on analytics programs. The combination of these latter two 
trends means that cloud-based, analytics programs that eff ectively manage identity management, physical security, and 
 36 data protection are increasingly in demand for insights and e fficiencies across the organizati ons of these companies. We 
believe that all these trends will continue for the next few ye ars, and the challenges involved in adopting Industry 4.0 and 
secure cloud computing will create opportunities for our combination of advanced analytics capabilities, proven and 
established supporting infrastructure, and professional services to configure our products to meet customers’ specialized 
needs. 
Other trends may continue to affect our Characterization services busine ss and Integrated Yield Ramp revenue 
specifically. For example, semi conductor manufacturers may experience lower wafer shipments due to weakness in the 
global economy, which would negatively impact the gainshare component of our Integrated Yield Ramp revenue. The 
logic foundry market at the leading-edge nodes, such as 7nm, 5nm, and smaller, underwent significant change over the 
past few years. The leading foundry continues to dominate market share. This trend will likely continue to impact our 
Characterization services business on these nodes. We expect most logic foundries to invest in derivatives of older process 
nodes, such as 28nm and 14nm, to extract additional value as many of their customers will not move to advanced nodes 
due to either technological barriers or re strictive economics. Foundries that particip ate at leading edge nodes are expected 
to continue to invest in new technologies such as me mory, packaging, and multi-patterned and extreme ultraviolet 
lithography, as well as new innovations in process control an d variability management. We expect China’s investment in 
semiconductors to continue. Compliance with changing U.S. export restrictions limit our possible business with Chinese 
semiconductor manufacturers on advanced nodes. As a result of these market developments, we have chosen to focus our 
resources and investments in products (including differentiated data), services, and solutions for analytics. 
There are other global or business trends that may affect our business opportunities generally as follows: 
• Macroeconomy, inventories, and demand . The worldwide economic performance is uneven, and the possibility 
of a recession persists, leading to uneven demand. Invent ories of semiconductor devices remain elevated in some 
instances. With high inventories and soft demand for some product segments, some semiconductor fab 
utilization rates are also low and semiconductor capital equipment orders have been impacted for some vendors 
and market segments. As a result, some purchase cycles, especially for enterprise so ftware and capital equipment 
and particularly with respect to larg er deals, have lengthened in recent years and may continue to do so. 
• Changing export controls and sanctions . The U.S. government continues to expand and intensify export controls 
and sanctions, with a major focus on the destinations of and/or entities in the People’s Republic of China 
(“P.R.C.”), Russian Federation, and Belarus. Some customers in the P.R.C., in particular, have expressed 
concerns to us that continued action by the U.S. government could potentially interrupt their ability to make use 
of our products or services, which has in some cases, and could in the futu re, negatively impact the demand for 
our products and services by these customers. Recent additions to regulations include expansion of special 
Foreign Direct Product Rules, which extend the reach of the EA R to certain foreign-ma de products produced 
with certain U.S. items in certain cas es of designated end-users or end-us es, and to renewal licenses for certain 
lawfully delivered products that would have changed status under new regulations. Such regulatory additions 
could negatively affect sales. Additional proposed and complicated regulations, including for added restrictions 
on U.S. person activity, remain pending. U.S. government policy and regulation remain fluid and uncertain, and 
could in the future impact segments of our business. Other countries and jurisdictions with important roles in 
our industry are updating some of their export control regulations to further align with those of the U.S. 
government and, in some cases, to counter U.S. regulations. For example, the P.R.C. has imposed restrictions 
on imports of certain memory integrated circuits (“ICs”) offered by U.S. companies and has been developing its 
legal authorities to counter foreign sanctions. On November 27, 2024, the U.S. government renewed its caution 
that visitors to the P.R.C. are subject to arbitrary enfor cement of local laws and wrongful detention, a risk that 
could deter or hinder certain business activities. Based on our current assessments, we expect the near-term 
impact of these expanded trade restrictions on our business to be limited, but revisions, clarifications, and 
proposals that are still in government development and open questions of interpretation leave much unknown. 
• Presidential Initiatives. The new U.S. Presidential Administration has re cently stated its intention to change U.S. 
trade policy, including potentially renegotiating or termin ating existing trade agreemen ts and leveraging tariffs. 
In February 2025, the U.S. imposed additional tariffs on imports from China and announced and subsequently 
paused implementation of tariffs on imports from Canada and Mexico. We do not import into the U.S. a 
significant volume of goods of P.R.C. origin. Trade conflict through exchange of tariffs and other retaliatory 37 actions would likely ripple through worldwide supply chains, could increase prices and put downward pressure 
on economic activity, and could negatively affect our fu ture sales in various geographic markets. We will 
continue to monitor for any further trade restrictions, ot her regulatory or policy chan ges by the U.S. or foreign 
governments and any actions in response. The uncertainty caused by these recent regulations and the potential 
for additional future restrictions could negatively affect our future sales, including in but not limited to the P.R.C. 
market . 
• Investments in semiconductor manufacturing . In 2022, the U.S. Congress passed into law funding programs 
from the bipartisan CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 (the “CHIPS Act”), authorizing the Department of 
Commerce, Department of Defense, and Department of State to develop onshore domestic manufacturing of 
semiconductors considered critical to U.S. competitiven ess and national security. We expect funds under these 
programs will continue to support spending by U.S. semiconductor companies, es pecially manufacturers. 
Changes in governmental spending priorities or approvals could continue to impact payments under some of 
these programs, which we will monitor for effects on our business. Recipients of funding under such programs, 
may be required to agree to separate restrictions on ce rtain commercial activity in the P.R.C., where we currently 
commercially operate. If our customers engage us for projects funded by these programs, we will evaluate all 
restrictions, and their impact on our existing business, be fore entering into any contracts associated with these 
programs. Similarly, the National Defense Authorization Ac t for Fiscal Year 2024 requires the U.S. Department 
of Defense to develop acquisition regulations controllin g contracting with certain types of companies that 
perform consulting services for certain types of P.R.C. entities. 
• Geopolitical tensions/conflicts . Geopolitical tensions and conflicts in various locations around the world 
continue to increase, including on th e issue of Taiwan in Asia, Ukraine and Russia, and armed conflicts in the 
Middle East. These current situations have created volatility in the global financial markets and may have further 
global economic consequences, including potential disruptions of the global supply chain and heightened 
volatility of commodity and raw material prices. This has increased fears of a global recession. We have 
contractors located in the West Bank and in Israel, who are providing software development and customer 
technical support services, and we have developed contin gency plans to use alternative resources to continue 
serving customers, if needed. Any escala tions could lead to disruptions or reductions in international trade, deter 
or prevent purchasing activity of customers, and negatively impact our development timelines and customer 
support (with respect to the conflicts in the Middle East ) or China sales (with respect to U.S.-P.R.C. tensions) 
and financial results in general (with respect to global tensions). 
Financial Highlights 
The following are our financial highlight s for the year ended December 31, 2024: 
• Total revenues were $179.5 million, an increase of $13.6 million, or 8%, compared to the year ended 
December 31, 2023. Analy tics revenue was $169.3 million, an increase of $17.2 million, or 11%, compared to 
the year ended December 31, 2023. Th e increase in Analytics revenue was driven by higher revenue from 
Exensio and Cimetrix software licenses and DFI systems, partially offset by a d ecrease in revenue from CV 
systems. Integrated Yield Ramp revenue decreased $3 .5 million, or 26%, compared to the year ended 
December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in hours worked on fi xed fee engagements and a decrease in 
Gainshare from decreased customer wafer shipments at non-leading-edge nodes. 
• Costs of revenues in creased $2.4 million for the y ear ended Decembe r 31, 2024, compared to the year ended 
December 31, 2023, prim arily due to increases in hardware costs, subcontractor fees and third-party cloud-
delivery costs. These increases were partially offset by decreases in facilities and IT-related costs including 
depreciation and amortization expense. 
• Net income was $4.1 million for the y ear ended December 31, 20 24, compared to a net income of $3.1 million 
for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in net income was primar ily attributable to an increase in 
total revenues and other income, partially offset by increases in (a) costs of revenues, (b) research and 
development expenses and (c) selling, general, and admi nistrative expenses, which were primarily related to 
increases in personnel-related costs, subcontractor fees, third-party cloud-services related costs, general legal 38 expenses, marketing and trade conference-related expenses, and non-recurring legal, tax and accounting service-
related costs, and (d) income tax expenses. 
Critical Accounting Estimates 
The preparation of financial statements and related disclo sures in conformity with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported 
in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Notes 1 and 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements describe the significant accounting policies and meth ods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. We consider the accounting policies described be low to be our critical accoun ting policies. These critical 
accounting policies are impacted significan tly by judgments, assumptions, and estim ates used in the preparation of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these 
policies. 
Revenue Recognition 
We derive revenue from two sources: Analytics and Integrated Yield Ramp. 
Analytics Revenue 
Analytics revenue is derived from the following prim ary offerings: licenses and services for standalone 
Software (which consists primarily of Exensio and Cimetrix products), SaaS (which co nsists primarily of Exensio 
products), and DFI and CV systems (including Characterization services) that do not include performance incentives 
based on customers’ yield achievement. 
Revenue from standalone software is recognized depending on whether the license is perpetual or time-based. 
Perpetual (one-time charge) license software is recognized at the time of the inception of the arrangement when control 
transfers to the customers, if the software license is distin ct from the services offered by us. Revenue from post-contract 
support is recognized over the contract term on a straig ht-line basis, because we ar e providing (i) support and 
(ii) unspecified software updates on a when-and-if availa ble basis over the contract term. Revenue from time-based-
licensed software is allocated to each pe rformance obligation and is recognized eith er at a point in time or over time as 
follows. The license component is recognized at the time when control transfers to customers, with the post-contract 
support component recognized ratably over the committed term of the contract. For contracts with any combination of 
licenses, support, and other services, di stinct performance obligations are accoun ted for separately. For contracts with 
multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation on a 
relative basis using the standalone selling price (“S SP”) attributed to each performance obligation. 
Revenue from SaaS arrangements, which allow for the use of a cloud-based software product or service over a 
contractually determined period of time w ithout the customer having to take posse ssion of the software, is accounted for 
as subscriptions and is recognized as revenue ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the subscription period beginning on 
the date the service is first made available to customers. Fo r contracts with any combination of SaaS and related services, 
distinct performance obligations are accounted for separate ly. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we 
allocate the transaction price of the cont ract to each performance obligation on a relative basis using the SSP attributed 
to each performance obligation. 
Revenue from DFI systems and CV systems (including Char acterization services) that do not include performance 
incentives based on customers’ yield achievement is recogni zed primarily as services ar e performed. Where there are 
distinct performance obligations, we a llocate revenue to all deliverables based on their SSPs. For these contracts with 
multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction pr ice of the contract to each performance obligation on a 
relative basis using the SSP attributed to each performance oblig ation. Where there are not discrete performance 
obligations, historically, revenue is primarily recognized as services are performed using a percentage of completion 
method based on costs or labor-hours inputs, whichever is the most appropriate measure of the progress towards 
completion of the contract. The estimation of percentage of completion method is complex and subject to many variables 
that require significant judgment. 39 We also lease some of our DFI system and CV system asse ts to some customers. We determine the existence of a 
lease when the customer controls the use of these identified a ssets for a period of time defi ned in the lease agreement and 
classifies such leases as operating leases or sales-type leases. A lease is classifi ed as a sales-type lease if it meets certai n 
criteria under Accounting Standards Codifica tion (“ASC”) Topic 842, Leases; otherwis e, it is classified as an operating 
lease. Operating lease revenue is recognized on a straight- line basis over the lease term. Sales-type lease revenue and 
corresponding lease receivables are recognized at lease comme ncement based on the present value of the future lease 
payments, and related interest income on lease receivable is recognized over the lease term and are recorded under 
Analytics Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Payments under sales-type leases 
are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. When leases are embedded in contracts with customers that 
include non-lease performance obligations , we allocate consideration in the contract between lease and non-lease 
components based on their relative SSPs. Assets subject to operating leases remain in Property and equipment and 
continue to be depreciated. Assets subject to sales-type le ases are derecognized from Property and equipment at lease 
commencement and a net investment in the lease asset is reco gnized in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and 
Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
We generate revenue from the sale of our DFI system products. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when our 
performance obligations have been completed and the customer has accepted the product. 
Integrated Yield Ramp Revenue 
Integrated Yield Ramp revenue is derived from our fixed fee engagements that include performance incentives based 
on customers’ yield achievement (which consists primarily of Gain share royalties) typically ba sed on customers’ wafer 
shipments, pertaining to these fixed-fee contracts, which royalties are variable. 
Revenue under these project-based contracts, which are deli vered over a specific period of time typically for a fixed 
fee component paid on a set schedule, is recognized as services are performed us ing a percentage of completion method 
based on costs or labor-hour inputs, whichever is the most appropriate measure of the progress towards completion of the 
contract. Where there are distinct perf ormance obligations, we allocate revenue to all deliverables based on their SSPs 
and allocate the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation on a relative basis using the SSP. Similar 
to the services provided in connection with DFI systems and CV systems that are contributing to Analytics revenue, due 
to the nature of the work performed in these arrangements, the estimation of percentage of completion method is complex 
and subject to many variables that require significant judgment. 
The Gainshare contained in integrated Yi eld Ramp contracts is a variable fee related to continued usage of our IP 
after the fixed-fee service period ends, based on a custome r’s yield achievement. Revenue derived from Gainshare is 
contingent upon our customers reaching certain defined pr oduction yield levels. Gainsh are periods are generally 
subsequent to the delivery of all contractual services and pe rformance obligations. We record Gainshare as a usage-based 
royalty derived from customers’ usage of IP and record it in the same period in which the usage occurs. 
Significant Judgments 
Judgments and estimates are re quired under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and its related 
amendments (collectively known as “A SC 606”). Due to the complexity of certain contracts, the actual revenue 
recognition treatment required under AS C 606 for our arrangements may be depe ndent on contract-specific terms and 
may vary in some instances. 
For revenue under project-based contracts for fixed-price se rvices, revenue is recognized as services are performed 
using a percentage-of-completion method based on costs or labor-hours input method, whichever is the most appropriate 
measure of the progress towards comple tion of the contract. Due to the natu re of the work performed in these 
arrangements, the estimation of percentage of completion meth od is complex, subject to many variables and requires 
significant judgment. Key factor s reviewed by us to estimate costs to comple te each contract are future labor and product 
costs and expected productivity efficiencies . If circumstances arise that change the original estimates of revenues, costs, 
or extent of progress toward completion, revisions to the estimates are made. These revisions may result in increases or 
decreases in estimated revenues or costs, and such revision s are reflected in revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis in 
the period in which the circumstances that gave rise to the revision become known. 40 Our contracts with customers often incl ude promises to transfer products, so ftware licenses and provide services, 
including professional services, technical support services, and rights to unspecified updates to a customer. Determining 
whether licenses and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately, or not distinct 
and thus accounted for together, requires significant judgment. We rarely license software on a standalone basis, so we 
are required to estimate the ra nge of SSPs for each performan ce obligation. In instances wh ere the SSP is not directly 
observable because we do not license the software or sell the service separately, we determine the SSP using information 
that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. 
We are required to record Gainshare revenue in the same period in which the usage occurs. Because we generally do 
not receive the acknowledgment reports fr om its customers during a given quarte r within the time frame necessary to 
adequately review the reports and include the actual amounts in quarterly results fo r such quarter, we accrue the related 
revenue based on estimates of customers underlying sales achievement. Our estimation process can be based on historical 
data, trends, seasonality, changes in the contract rate, knowl edge of the changes in the industry and changes in the 
customer’s manufacturing environment learned through discussions with customers and sales personnel. As a result of 
accruing revenue for the quarter based on su ch estimates, adjustments w ill be required in the following quarter to true-up 
revenue to the actual amounts reported. 
Income Taxes 
We are required to assess whether it is “more likely than no t” that we will realize our deferred tax assets (“DTAs”). 
If we believe that they are not likely to be fully realizable be fore the expiration dates applicable to such assets, then to 
the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we must es tablish a valuation allowance. Based on all available evidence, 
both positive and negative, we determined a full valuation a llowance was still appropriate for our U.S. federal and state 
net DTAs, primarily driven by a cumula tive loss incurred over the 12-quarter pe riod ended December 31, 2024, and the 
likelihood that we may not utilize tax attributes before they expire. The valuation allowance was approximately 
$67.9 million and $64.2 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We will continue to evaluate the need 
for a valuation allowance and may change our conclusion in a future period based on changes in facts (e.g., 12-quarter 
cumulative profit, significant new revenue, et c.). If we conclude that we are more likely than not to utilize some or all of 
our U.S. DTAs, we will release some or all of our valuati on allowance and our income tax expense will decrease in the 
period in which we make such determination. 
We evaluate our DTAs for realizability considering both positive and negative evidence, including our historical 
financial performance, projections of future taxable income, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, 
tax planning strategies and any carryback availability. In evalua ting the need for a valuation allowance, we estimate future 
taxable income based on management approved business plans. This process involves significant management judgment 
about assumptions that are subject to change from period to period based on changes in tax laws or variances between 
future projected operating performance and actual results. Chan ges in the net DTAs, less offsetting valuation allowance, 
in a period are recorded through the income tax expense and could have a material impact on the Consolidated Statements 
of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
Our income tax calculations are based on th e application of applicable U.S. federal, state, and/or foreign tax law. Our 
tax filings, however, are subject to audit by the respective tax authorities. Accordingly, we recognize tax liabilities based 
upon our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, add itional taxes will be due when such estimates are more-likely-
than-not to be sustained. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of 
being sustained. To the extent the final tax liabilities are different than the amounts originally accrue d, the increases or 
decreases are recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the Consolidated Statemen ts of Comprehensive Income 
(Loss). As of December 31, 2024, no deferred taxes have been provided on undistributed ear nings from our international 
subsidiaries. We intend to reinvest the earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries in those operations indefinitely. As such, we 
have not provided for any foreign withholding taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024. 
The earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are taxable in the U. S. in the year earned under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed 
Income rules implemented under 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
Stock-Based Compensation 
We account for stock-based compensation using the fair value method, which requires us to measure stock-based 
compensation based on the grant-date fair value of the awar ds and recognize the compensati on expense over the requisite 41 service period. As stock-based compensation expense recognized is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has 
been reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimat ed at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in 
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
The fair value of our restricted stock units is equal to the market value of our common stock on the date of the grant. 
These awards are subject to time-based vesting which generally occurs over a period of four years. 
The fair value of our stock options and purchase rights granted under employee stock purchase plan is estimated 
using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model, whic h incorporates various assumptions including volatility, 
expected life and interest rates. The expected volatility is ba sed on the historical volatility of our common stock over the 
most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected life of our stock options and purchase rights granted under 
employee stock purchase plan. The expected life is based on historical experience and on the terms and conditions of the 
options granted and purchase rights granted under employee stock purchase plan. The interest rate assumption is based 
upon observed Treasury yield curve rates a ppropriate for the expected life of our stock options and purchase rights granted 
under employee stock purchase plan. 
Business Combinations 
We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to th e tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible 
assets acquired based on their estimated fa ir values at the date of the business combination. The excess of the fair value 
of purchase consideration over the fair values of these iden tifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such 
valuations require us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. 
Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets in clude, but are not limited to, estimated replacement costs and 
future expected cash flows from acquired customers, acquired technology, acquired patents, and trade names from a 
market participant perspective, useful lives and discount rate s. The estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions 
believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ 
from estimates. Allocation of purchase consideration to iden tifiable assets and liabilities affects our amortization expense, 
as acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful life, wher eas any indefinite lived intangible assets , 
including in-process research and development and goodwill, are not amortized. During the measurement period, which 
is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we reco rd adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, 
with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusi on of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments 
are recorded to earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehe nsive Income (Loss). 
Valuation of Long-lived Assets including Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
We record goodwill when the purchase consideration of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and 
identified intangible assets as of the date of acquisition. We have one oper ating segment and one operating unit. We 
perform an annual impairment assessment of goodwill during the fourth quarter of each calendar year or more frequently, 
if required to determine if any events or circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline 
in the overall industry demand, that would indicate that it would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting 
unit below its carrying amount, including goodwill. If events or circumstances do not indicate that the fair value of a 
reporting unit is below its carrying amount, then goodwill is not considered to be impaired and no further testing is 
required. If the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized equal to the amount of 
excess, limited to the amount of total goodwill. Th ere was no impairment of goodwill for the y ears ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022. 
Our long-lived assets, excluding goodwill, consist of pr operty, equipment, intangible assets and unguaranteed 
residual assets under net investments in sales-type leases. We periodically review our lo ng-lived assets for impairment . 
For assets to be held and used, we initiate our review when ever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the 
carrying amount of a long-lived asset group may not be recove rable. Recoverability of an asset group is measured by 
comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that the asset group is expected to 
generate. If it is determined that an asset group is not recovera ble, an impairment loss is re corded in the amount by which 
the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. There was no impairment of long-lived assets for the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 42 Leases 
We have operating leases for our administrative and sale s offices, research and devel opment laboratory and clean 
room. We recognize our long-term operati ng lease rights and commitments as operating lease right-of-use assets, 
operating lease liabilities and operating lease liabilities, non-curre nt, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
We determine if an arrangement is, or contains, a lease at inception. Operating lease right- of-use assets, and operating 
lease liabilities are initially recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease terms include 
the minimum unconditional term of the lease, and may incl ude options to extend or terminate the lease when it is 
reasonably certain at the commencement date that such options will be exercised. The decision to include these options 
involves consideration of our overall future business plans and other releva nt business economic factors that may affect 
our business. Since the determination of the lease term require s an application of judgment, lease terms that differ in 
reality from our initial judgment may potentially have a material impact on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, 
our leases do not provide an implicit rate. In determining th e present value of our expected lease payments, the discount 
rate is calculated using our incremental borrowing rate dete rmined based on the information available, which requires 
additional judgment. 
Recent Accounting Pr onouncements and Accounting Changes 
See our Note 1, “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description 
of recent accounting pro nouncements and accounting ch anges, including the dates of ad option and estimated effects, if 
any, on our consolidated financial statements. 
Results of Operations 
Discussion of Financial Data for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 
Revenues, Costs of Revenues, and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, % $ Change % % Change % $ Change % % Change 
(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2023 to 2024 2022 to 2023 
Revenues: 
Anal ytics . . . . . . . . . $ 169,253 $ 152,085 $ 130,480 $ 17,168 11 % $ 21,605 17 %
Integrated Yield 
R a m p ............ 
 10,212 13,750 18,069 (3,538) (26)% (4,319) (24)%
Total revenues . . . . . . 179,465 165,835 148,549 13,630 8 % 17,286 12 %
Costs of revenues . . . . 54,144 51,749 47,907 2,395 5 % 3,842 8 %
Gross profi t . . . . . . . . $ 125,321 $ 114,086 $ 100,642 $ 11,235 10 % $ 13,444 13 %
Gross mar gin ....... 70 % 69 % 68 % 
 
Analytics revenue 
as a percentage of 
total revenues ....... 
 94 % 92 % 88 % 
Integrated Yield 
Ramp revenue as a 
percentage of total 
revenues ........... 
 6 % 8 % 12 % 
 
Analytics Revenue 
Analytics revenue was $169.3 million fo r the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $17.2 million, or 11%, 
compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in Anal ytics revenue was driven by increases in revenue 
from Exensio and Cimetrix software license s and DFI systems, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from CV systems. 43 Integrated Yield Ramp Revenue 
Integrated Yield Ramp revenue was $10.2 million for the ye ar ended December 31, 2024, a decrease of $3.5 million, 
or 26%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in hours worked on fixed fee 
engagements and a decrease in customer wa fer shipments at non-leading-edge nodes. 
Our Integrated Yield Ramp revenue may continue to fluctuate from period to period primarily due to fluctuations in 
customers’ wafer production under Gainshare, which is dependent on many factors that are outside our control, including 
among others, continued production of ICs by our customers at facilities at which we generate Gainshare, sustained yield 
improvements by our customers, and whether we enter into new contracts containing Gainshare. 
Our revenues may also fluctuate in the future due to other factors, including the semiconductor industry’s continued 
acceptance of our products, services and solutions, the timing of purchases by ex isting and new customers, cancellations 
by existing customers, our ability to a ttract new customers and penetrate new mark ets, supply chain challenges and further 
penetration of our current customer base. Fluctuations in future results may also occur if any of our significant customers 
renegotiate pre-existing contractual commitments, includ ing due to adverse changes in their own business. 
Costs of Revenues 
Costs of revenues consist primarily of costs incurred to provide and support our services, costs recognized in 
connection with licensing our software, IT and facilities-rela ted costs and amortization of acquired technology. Service 
costs include material costs, hardware co sts (including cost of leased assets under sales-type leases), personnel-related 
costs (including compensation, employee benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation expense), subcontractor costs, 
overhead costs, travel expenses, and allo cated facilities-related costs. Software li cense costs consist of costs associated 
with third-party cloud-delivery related expenses and licensing third-party software used by us in providing services to 
our customers in solution engagements or sold in conjunction with our software products. 
The increase in costs of revenues of $2.4 million for the ye ar ended December 31, 2024, compared to the year ended 
December 31, 2023, was primarily due to (i) a $1.6 million increas e in hardware-related costs, (ii) a $0.9 m illion increase 
in subcontractor fees, (iii) a $0.9 million increase in third-party cloud-delivery co sts, and (iv) a $0.2 million increase in 
personnel-related costs mostly due to higher stock-based compensation expenses. These increases were partially offset 
by a $1.2 million decrease in facilities and IT-related co sts including depreciation and amortization expense. 
Gross Margin 
Gross margin for the year ended Dece mber 31, 2024, was 70% compared to 69% for the year ended December 31, 
2023, or an increase of 1 percentage point. The higher gross margin during the year ended December 31, 2024, was 
primarily due to high er total revenue compared to th e year ended December 31, 2023. 
Operating Expenses: 
Research and Development 
 Year Ended December 31, % $ Change % % Change % $ Change % % Change 
(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2023 to 2024 2022 to 2023 
Research and 
developmen t . . . . . . . . $ 53,566 $ 50,736 $ 56,126 $ 2,830 6 % $ (5,390) (10) %
As a percentage of 
total revenues ....... 30 % 31 % 38 % 
Research and development expenses co nsist primarily of personnel-related co sts (including compensation, employee 
benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation expense), outside development services, travel expenses, third-party cloud-
services related costs, IT and facilities cost allo cations to support product development activities. 44 Research and development expenses in creased $2.8 million for th e year ended December 31, 2024, compar ed to the 
year ended December 31, 2023, primarily du e to (i) a $1.6 million increase in personnel-related costs mostly due to higher 
stock-based compensation expenses, higher other compensatio n expenses (including employ ee benefit costs) resulting 
from increased headcount and worldwide salary increases, (ii) a $0.7 million increase in subc ontractor expenses primarily 
related to Cimetrix and Exensio software , and (iii) a $0.4 million increase in thir d-party cloud-services related costs. 
We anticipate our expenses in research and development will fl uctuate in absolute dollars from period to period as a 
result of the size and the timing of product development projects. 
Selling, General, and Administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, % $ Change % % Change % $ Change % % Change 
(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2023 to 2024 2022 to 2023 
Selling, general, and 
administrative . . . . . . $ 69,924 $ 62,216 $ 45,338 $ 7,708 12 % $ 16,878 37 %
As a percentage of 
total revenues ....... 39 % 38 % 31 % 
Selling, general, and administrative expenses consist primar ily of personnel-related costs (including compensation, 
employee benefits, bonus, commission and stock-based compensation expense for sales, marketing, and general and 
administrative personnel), legal, tax and accounting servic es, marketing communications and trade conference-related 
expenses, third-party cloud-services related co sts, travel, IT and facilities cost allocations. 
Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, 
compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to (i) a $7.1 m illion increase in pers onnel-related costs 
mainly due to higher stock-based, sales commission, other compensation expense and employee benefits-related costs as 
a result of increase in headcount, worldwide salary increases and higher health insurance cost s, (ii) a $1.5 million increase 
in general legal expenses, (iii) a $0.7 million increase in no n-recurring legal, tax and accounting service-related costs, 
(iv) a $0.4 million increase in marketing and trade conference -related expenses, and (v) a $0.3 million increase in facilities 
and IT-related costs including depreciation expense, partially offs et by a $2.5 million decrease in legal fees related to the 
arbitration proceeding over a di sputed customer contract. 
We anticipate our selling, general and administrative expenses will fluctuate in absolute dollars from period to period 
as a result of cost control initiatives and to support increased selling efforts in the future. 
Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 Year Ended December 31, % $ Change % % Change % $ Change % % Change 
(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2023 to 2024 2022 to 2023 
Amortization of acquired 
intan gi b l e a s s e t s ......... $ 8 9 6 $ 1 , 2 8 5 $ 1 , 2 7 0 $ ( 3 8 9 ) ( 3 0 ) % $ 1 5 1 %
Amortization of acquired intangible assets primarily consists of amortization of intangibles acquired as a result of 
certain business combinations. 
Interest and Other Expense (Income), Net 
 Year Ended December 31, $ Change % % Change $ Change % % Change 
(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2023 to 2024 2022 to 2023 
Interest and other expense 
(income), ne t ........... $ ( 5 , 6 4 4 ) $ ( 5 , 0 2 0 ) $ ( 2 , 5 6 2 ) $ 624 12 % $ 2,458 96 %
Interest and other expense (income), net primarily consis ts of interest income, and foreign currency transaction 
exchange gains and losses. 45 Interest and other expense (income), net increased $0.6 m illion for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to 
the year ended December 31, 202 3, primarily due to increase in interest income from cash, cash equivalents and short-
term investments resulting from higher interest rates and sale s-type leases, and net favora ble fluctuations in foreign 
currency exchange rates, partially offset by loss on damaged equipment in-transit. 
Income Tax Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, % $ Change % % Change % $ Change % % Change 
(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2023 to 2024 2022 to 2023 
I n c o m e t a x e x p e n s e ..... $ ( 2 , 5 2 2 ) $ ( 1 , 7 6 4 ) $ ( 3 , 8 9 9 ) $ 7 5 8 43 % $ (2,135) (55)%
Income tax expense increased $0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the year ended 
December 31, 2023, primaril y due to state tax return true-ups that resu lted in a state tax benefit for the year ended 
December 31, 2023. 
Any significant change in our future effective tax rates could adversely impact our consolidated financial position, 
results of operations, and cash flows. Our future tax rates may be adversely affected by a number of factors including 
increase in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, new or ch anging tax legislation in the United States and in foreign 
countries where we are subject to tax jurisdictions, the geog raphic composition of our pre-tax income, the amount of our 
pre-tax income as business activities fluctuate, our ability to use tax attributes such as research and development tax 
credits and net operation losses, the tax effects of employee stock activity, aud it examinations with adverse outcomes, 
changes in general accepted accounting principles and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. 
Discussion of Financial Data for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
For a discussion of our resu lts of operations for the years ended Decem ber 31, 2023 and 2022, please see our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2024. 
Liquidity and Ca pital Resources 
As of December 31, 2024, our working capital, defined as total current assets less total current liabilities, was 
$145.4 million, compared to $147.0 million as of December 31, 2023. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, 
on a consolidated basis, were $114.9 million as of December 31, 2024, compared to $135.5 million as of December 31, 
2023. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, cash and cash equiva lents held by our foreign subsidiaries were $13.3 million 
and $10.0 million, respectively. 
We believe that our existing cash resources and anticipat ed funds from operations will satisfy our cash requirements 
to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations for at least the next twelve months, and 
thereafter for the foreseeable future; however, we will continue to evaluate if we require additional funding to meet our 
longer-term needs. 
Repurchase of Company’s Common Stock 
On April 11, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted a stock repurchase program (the “2022 Program”) to repurchase 
up to $35.0 million of the Company’s common stock both on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, 
including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, from time to time, over the next two years from the adoption date. During the year 
ended December 31, 2024, 201,561 shares were repurchased by the Company under the 2022 Program at an average price 
of $34.23 per share for an aggregate total price of $6.9 m illion. In total, the Company repurchased 937,501 shares under 
the 2022 Program at an average price of $25.96 per sh are for an aggregate total price of $24.3 million. 
The 2022 Program expired on April 11, 2024, and on April 15, 2024, the Board of Directors adopted a new repurchase 
program (the “2024 Program”) to repur chase up to $40.0 million of the Company’s common stock both on the open 
market and in privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, from time to time, over the next 
two years from the adoption date. The actual timing and amount of repurchases are subject to business and market 
conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock pr ice, acquisition opportunities and other factors. The 2024 46 Program does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares and may be modified, suspended or 
terminated without prior notice. Th e Company has not repurchased any shares under the 2024 Program. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data 
 Year Ended December 31, 
(In thousands) 2024 2023 $ Change 
Net cash flows provided by (used in): 
Operatin g activities . . ....................................... $ 9 , 7 0 3 $ 1 4 , 6 0 0 $ ( 4 , 8 9 7 )
Investing activities . . . ....................................... ( 5 , 9 3 6 ) ( 2 8 , 9 9 1 ) 2 3 , 0 5 5 
Financin g activities . . ....................................... ( 1 1 , 2 3 3 ) ( 5 , 8 9 0 ) ( 5 , 3 4 3 )
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equi valents . . . . . . (918) (365) (553)
Net chan ge i n c a s h a n d c a s h e q u i v a l e n t s ........................ $ ( 8 , 3 8 4 ) $ ( 2 0 , 6 4 6 ) $ 1 2 , 2 6 2 
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
Cash flows provided by operating activities during the ye ars ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, consisted of net 
income, adjusted for cer tain non-cash items which primar ily consisted of depreciation and amortization, stock-based 
compensation expense, amortization of acquired intangible expense, amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue 
contracts, net accretion of discounts on short-term investments and net cha nge in operating assets and liabilities. 
We expect cash from our operating activities to fluctuate due to the level of our business activities, the timing of 
billings and payments terms as set forth in our agreements with our customers, the timing of cash disbursements to our 
vendors and settlement of other liabilities. The decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities during the year 
ended December 31, 2024, as co mpared to the year ended December 31, 2023, was driven primarily by (i) an increase in 
accounts receivable primarily due to an increase in total revenues and the impact of the timing of contractual invoicing 
activities resulting to lower collections from customers, and (ii) increases in payments of personnel-related costs and 
vendor invoices, partially offset by an increase in net inco me between comparable periods. Net income was $4.1 million 
for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to net in come of $3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
Subsequent to December 31, 2024, we co llected more than half of the $51.6 m illion billed accounts re ceivable as of 
that date. 
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
Net cash used in investing activities wa s $5.9 million for th e year ended December 31, 20 24, compared to net cash 
used in investing activities of $29.0 millio n for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash used in investin g activities primarily related to purchases of short-term 
investments of $54.3 million, purchases of and prepayments fo r property and equipment of $17.8 million primarily related 
to our DFI system, and the purchase of a convertible promisso ry note of $2.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from 
maturities and sales of short-term investments of $68.1 million. 
For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in investin g activities primarily related to purchases of short-term 
investments of $59.6 million, purchases of and prepayments fo r property and equipment of $11.3 million primarily related 
to our DFI and CV systems, and the payment for a business acquisition, net of cash acquired , of $1.8 million, partially 
offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments of $43.8 million. 
Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
Net cash used in financing activities was $11.2 million for th e year ended December 31, 20 24, compared to net cash 
used in financing activities of $5.9 million fo r the year ended December 31, 2023. 
For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash used in fi nancing activities primarily consisted of $8.5 million in 
cash payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equ ity awards and $6.9 million for the repurchase of shares of 47 our common stock, partially offset by $4.2 million of proc eeds from our employee stock purchase plan and exercise of 
stock options. 
For the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in fi nancing activities primarily consisted of $9.5 million in 
cash payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equ ity awards and $0.7 million for the repurchase of shares of 
our common stock, partially offset by $4.3 million of proc eeds from our employee stock purchase plan and exercise of 
stock options. 
Related Party Transactions 
See Note 14, “Strategic Partnership Agreement with Advantest and Related Party Transactions” of the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements (Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) for a discussion on related 
party transactions between the Company and Advantest. 
Contractual Obligations 
The following table summarizes our kno wn contractual obligations as of December 31, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Payments Due by Period 
Contractual Obligations 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Total 
Operating lease obligations (1) . . . $ 1,836 $ 1,559 $ 1,485 $ 847 $ — $ 5,727 
Purchase obli ga t i o n s ( 2 ) ........ 2 7 , 1 6 6 2 , 8 2 0 6 2 1 1 5 7 7 9 3 0 , 8 4 3 
T o t a l ( 3 ) ..................... $ 2 9 , 0 0 2 $ 4 , 3 7 9 $ 2 , 1 0 6 $ 1 , 0 0 4 $ 7 9 $ 3 6 , 5 7 0 
 
(1) See Note 6, “Leases” of the No tes to Consolidated Financial Statements” (Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K) for further discussion. 
(2) Purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services entered in the ordinary course of 
business. 
(3) The contractual obligation table above excludes liabilities for uncertain tax positions of $2.8 million, which are 
not practicable to assign to any particular years due to the inherent uncertainty of the tax positions. See Note 10, 
“Income Taxes” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Stat ements (Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K) for further discussion. 
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
The following discusses our exposure to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange 
rates. We do not currently own any equity investments, nor do we expect to own any in the foreseeable future. This 
discussion contains forward-looking stat ements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could vary 
materially as a result of a number of factors. 
Interest Rate Risk. As of December 31, 2024, we had cash and cas h equivalents and short-term investments of 
$114.9 million. Cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash and highly liquid money market instruments. Short-term 
investments consisted of U.S. Government securities. We wo uld not expect our operating results or cash flows to be 
affected to any significant degree by th e effect of a sudden change in market interest on our portfolio. A hypothetical 
increase in market interest rates of 100 basis points from the market rates in effect at December 31, 2024, would cause 
the fair value of short-term investments to decrease by an immaterial amount which would not have significantly impacted 
our financial position or results of operations. 
As of December 31, 2024, and periodi cally throughout the year, we have ma intained cash balances in various 
operating accounts in excess of fe derally insured limits. We limit the amount of credit exposure to any financial institution 
by evaluating the creditworthiness of the financial institutions with which we invest and investing through more than one 
financial institution. 48 Foreign Currency and Exchange Risk. Certain of our cash balances, receivables and payables for our international 
offices are denominated in the local cu rrency, including the Euro, Yen, Chines e Yuan, New Taiwan Dollar and Canadian 
Dollar. Therefore, some of our activitie s including a portion of our revenues and operating expenditures are subject to 
foreign currency risks. We also have intercompany transactions with and between certain of our subsidiaries of differing 
functional currencies, resulting in foreign transaction gains or losses based on our period-end exchange rates. Due to 
potential volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot pred ict the effect of exchange fluctuations on our business. 
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we did not enter into any foreign currency derivative financial 
instruments. 
 49 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Board of Director s and Stockholders of 
PDF Solutions, Inc. 
Opinion on the Consolidat ed Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying conso lidated balance sheets of PDF Solutions, In c. (a Delaware corporation) and its 
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of 
comprehensive income (loss), stockholder s’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
December 31, 2024, and the rela ted notes (collectively referred to as the “c onsolidated financial statements”). In our 
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company 
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended December 31, 2024, in conf ormity with accounting principles gene rally accepted in the United States of 
America. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (“PCAOB”), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of 
the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 27, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion. 
Basis for Opinion 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsib ility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm 
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independen t with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. 
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regula tions of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the 
PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance w ith the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whethe r the consolidated financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to er ror or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financia l statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our aud its also included evaluating th e accounting principles used 
and significant estimates made by management, as well as eval uating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements. We believe that our audits pr ovide a reasonable ba sis for our opinion. 
Critical Audit Matter 
The critical audit matter commun icated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated 
financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate 
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolid ated financial statements and (2) involved our especially 
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communicatio n of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our 
opinion on the consolidated financial st atements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit 
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical a udit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they 
relate. 
Revenue Recognition 
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial st atements, the Company derives revenue from Analytics and 
Integrated Yield Ramp. Contracts with cu stomers can include various combinations of licenses, subscriptions, products 
and services, some of which are distinct and are accounted for as separate performance obligations. Significant judgment 
is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recogni tion for customer agreements, including determining whether 
licenses, subscriptions, and services are distinct perfor mance obligations, determining the standalone selling price 
(“SSP”) attributed to each performance ob ligation, establishing the pattern of delivery for each distinct performance 
obligation, and estimating variable consideration when determin ing the amount of revenue to recognize. In addition, for 50 revenue under project-based contracts for fixed-price services , revenue is recognized as services are performed using a 
percentage-of-completion (“POC”) method based on costs or labor-hours input method. 
Estimated costs to complete each contract are based on i) future labor and product costs and ii) expected productivity 
efficiencies. Changes in these estimates can have a material effect on revenue recognized an d/or related costs. Finally, 
the Company recognizes Gainshare royalty revenue in the same period in which the usage occurs. The Company accrues 
the related revenue based on estimates of customers’ unde rlying sales achievements. These estimates are based on 
historical data, trends, seasonality, changes in contract rate, knowledge of changes in the industry and changes in the 
customer’s manufacturing environment learned through discussions with customers and sales personnel. 
The principal audit considerations for our determination that performing procedures rela ted to the Company’s revenue 
recognition for customer agreements is a critical audit matter are the significant amount of judgment required by 
management in this process. Significant judgment is required in determining SSP as the Comp any rarely licenses software 
on a standalone basis, so the Company is required to estimate the range of SSPs for each performance obligation, which 
in turn leads to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity an d effort in performing audit procedures in assessing the 
allocation of SSPs to performance obligations. In addition, significant judgment is required in determining the total 
estimated contract costs for fixed-price contracts, which in turn leads to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, and 
effort in performing audit procedures and in evaluating audit evidence relating to the total estimated contract costs. 
Significant judgment is also required in recording Gainshare royalty revenue in the same period in which the usage occurs. 
The Company generally does not receive acknowledgment re ports from customers during a given quarter, so the 
Company is required to accrue the related revenue based on es timates of customer s underlying sales achievement, which 
in turn leads to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, an d effort in evaluating the reasonableness of these estimates 
based on historical data, trends, seasonality and other factors. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and ev aluating audit evidence in connection with forming our 
overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These pr ocedures included testing the effectiveness of internal 
controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including in ternal controls related to (1) the identification of distinct 
performance obligations and data used to establish SSP for licenses, subscriptions, products and services, (2) project 
estimates to completion for fixed fee arrangements accoun ted for under POC and (3) estimates of Gainshare royalty 
revenue accrual and subsequent true-ups. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating management’s 
significant accounting policies related to these customer agr eements for reasonableness. In addition, for a sample of 
customer agreements, we obtained an d read contract source documents, incl uding master agreements and other 
documents that were part of the agreement, tested manage ment’s identification of significant terms for completeness, 
including the identification of distinct performance obligati ons and variable consideration, assessed the terms in the 
customer agreements and evaluated the ap propriateness of management’s application of their accounting policies, along 
with their use of estimates, in the dete rmination of revenue recogn ition conclusions, and tested the mathematical accuracy 
of management’s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the consolidated financial 
statements. In addition, we evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates of SSP for projects and services that 
are not sold separately, where applicable, costs to complete for project-based contracts for fixed-price services and 
customers’ underlying achievements for royalty revenue. 
/s/ BPM LLP 
We have served as the Co mpany’s auditor since 2018. 
San Jose, California 
February 27, 2025 
 51 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Board of Director s and Stockholders of 
PDF Solutions, Inc. 
Opinion on Internal Contro l over Financial Reporting 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of PDF Solutions, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and its 
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated 
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizati ons of the Treadway Co mmission (“COSO”). In 
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (“PCAOB”), the consolidated ba lance sheets as of Decembe r 31, 2024 and 2023 and the related consolidated 
statements of comprehensive income (los s), stockholders’ equity, and cash flows fo r each of the three years in the period 
ended December 31, 2024, and the related no tes (collectively referred to as the “c onsolidated financial statements”) of 
the Company, and our report dated February 27, 2025, expressed unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial 
statements. 
Basis for Opinion 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effec tive internal control over financial reporting, and for its 
assessment of the effectiveness of intern al control over financial reporting, in cluded in the accompanying Management’s 
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our resp onsibility is to express an opinion on the entity’s internal 
control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting fi rm registered with the PCAOB and are 
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the 
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whet her effective internal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audit of intern al control over financial reporting included obtaining an 
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, a ssessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing 
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also 
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit 
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Definition and Limitations of Intern al Control over Financial Reporting 
An entity’s internal control over financial reporting is a pr ocess designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with accoun ting principles generally accepted in the United States of Amer ica. An entity’s internal control 
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly re flect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the entity ; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions ar e recorded as necessary to permit prepara tion of consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
entity; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding preventio n or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the entity’s assets that could have a mate rial effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over fi nancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate. 
/s/ BPM LLP 
San Jose, California 
February 27, 2025 52 PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(in thousands, except par values) 
 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
ASSETS 
Current assets: 
C a s h a n d c a s h e q u i v a l e n t s ................................................. $ 9 0 , 5 9 4 $ 9 8 , 9 7 8 
Shor t- t e r m i n v e s t m e n t s .................................................... 2 4 , 2 9 1 3 6 , 5 4 4 
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses . . . ....................... 7 3 , 6 4 9 4 4 , 9 0 4 
P r e p a i d e x p e n s e s a n d o t h e r c u r r e n t a s s e t s ..................................... 1 7 , 4 4 5 1 7 , 4 2 2 
T o t a l c u r r e n t a s s e t s ...................................................... 2 0 5 , 9 7 9 1 9 7 , 848 
Propert y and equipment, ne t ................................................. 4 8 , 4 6 5 3 7 , 3 3 8 
Operating lease righ t-of-use assets, ne t ........................................ 4 , 0 2 9 4 , 9 2 6 
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . ..................................................... 1 4 , 9 5 3 1 5 , 0 2 9 
Intangible assets, ne t ....................................................... 1 2 , 3 0 7 1 5 , 6 2 0 
Deferred tax assets, ne t ..................................................... 4 3 1 5 7 
O t h e r n o n - c u r r e n t a s s e t s .................................................... 2 9 , 5 1 3 1 9 , 2 1 8 
T o t a l a s s e t s ............................................................ $ 3 1 5 , 2 8 9 $ 2 9 0 , 136 
 
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
Current liabilities: 
Accounts pa ya b l e ........................................................ $ 8 , 2 5 5 $ 2 , 5 6 1 
A c c r u e d c o m p e n s a t i o n a n d r e l a t e d b e n e f i t s ................................... 1 6 , 8 5 5 1 4 , 8 0 0 
Accrued and other current liabilities ......................................... 8 , 7 5 2 4 , 6 3 3 
Operating lease liabilities – c u r r e n t p o r t i o n ................................... 1 , 6 7 5 1 , 5 2 9 
Deferred revenues – c u r r e n t p o r t i o n ......................................... 2 4 , 9 3 0 2 5 , 7 5 0 
Billings in excess of recognized revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................... 7 5 1 , 5 7 0 
Total current liabilities .................................................. 6 0 , 5 4 2 5 0 , 8 4 3 
Long- t e r m i n c o m e t a x e s .................................................... 2 , 9 1 5 2 , 9 7 2 
Non-current portion of operatin g lease liabilities . . . . . . . . . ....................... 3 , 5 0 4 4 , 6 5 7 
Other non-current liabilities . . . . . ............................................ 2 , 2 9 1 2 , 7 1 8 
Total liabilities . . ...................................................... 6 9 , 2 5 2 6 1 , 1 9 0 
Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
Stockholders’ equit y: 
Preferred stock, $0.00015 par value, 5,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and 
outstandin g ............................................................... — — 
Common stock, $0.00015 par value, 70,000 shares authorized; shares issued 50,717 
and 49,749, respectivel y; shares outstandin g 38,801 and 38,289, respectivel y ........ 6 6 
A d d i t i o n a l p a i d - i n c a p i t a l ................................................... 5 0 2 , 9 0 2 4 7 3 , 295 
Treasur y stock, at cost, 11,916 and 11,460 shares, respectivel y .................... ( 1 5 9 , 3 5 2 ) ( 1 4 3 , 9 2 3 )
Accumulated defici t ....................................................... ( 9 3 , 9 8 8 ) ( 9 8 , 0 4 5 )
A c c u m u l a t e d o t h e r c o m p r e h e n s i v e l o s s ........................................ ( 3 , 5 3 1 ) ( 2 , 3 8 7 )
Total stockholders’ equit y ............................................... 2 4 6 , 0 3 7 2 2 8 , 946 
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . ....................... $ 3 1 5 , 2 8 9 $ 2 9 0 , 136 
 
See Accompanying Notes to Cons olidated Financial Statements. 53 PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Revenues: 
Analytics ................................................. $ 1 6 9 , 2 5 3 $ 1 5 2 , 0 8 5 $ 1 3 0 , 4 8 0 
I n t e g r a t e d Y i e l d R a m p ..................................... 1 0 , 2 1 2 1 3 , 7 5 0 1 8 , 0 6 9 
T o t a l r e v e n u e s ............................................ 1 7 9 , 4 6 5 1 6 5 , 8 3 5 1 4 8 , 5 4 9 
 
Costs and Expenses: 
C o s t s o f r e v e n u e s .......................................... 5 4 , 1 4 4 5 1 , 7 4 9 4 7 , 9 0 7 
R e s e a r c h a n d d e v e l o p m e n t .................................. 5 3 , 5 6 6 5 0 , 7 3 6 5 6 , 1 2 6 
Selling, general, and administrative .......................... 6 9 , 9 2 4 6 2 , 2 1 6 4 5 , 3 3 8 
Amortization of acquired intangible assets ..................... 8 9 6 1 , 2 8 5 1 , 2 7 0 
I n t e r e s t a n d o t h e r e x p e n s e ( i n c o m e ) , n e t ....................... ( 5 , 6 4 4 ) ( 5 , 0 2 0 ) ( 2 , 5 6 2 )
Income before income tax expense .......................... 6 , 5 7 9 4 , 8 6 9 4 7 0 
I n c o m e t a x e x p e n s e ........................................ ( 2 , 5 2 2 ) ( 1 , 7 6 4 ) ( 3 , 8 9 9 )
Net income (loss) ......................................... $ 4 , 0 5 7 $ 3 , 1 0 5 $ ( 3 , 4 2 9 )
 
Other comprehensive income (loss): 
F o r e i g n c u r r e n c y t r a n s l a t i o n a d j u s t m e n t s , n e t o f t a x ........... ( 1 , 1 4 3 ) 1 4 8 ( 1 , 4 9 3 )
Change in unrealized gain (loss) related to available-for-sale 
debt securities, net of tax .................................. ( 1 ) 1 5 7 
T o t a l o t h e r c o m p r e h e n s i v e i n c o m e ( l o s s ) ...................... ( 1 , 1 4 4 ) 1 6 3 ( 1 , 4 8 6 )
Comprehensive income (loss) .............................. $ 2 , 9 1 3 $ 3 , 2 6 8 $ ( 4 , 9 1 5 )
 
Net income (loss) per share: 
B a s i c .................................................... $ 0 . 1 1 $ 0 . 0 8 $ ( 0 . 0 9 )
D i l u t e d .................................................. $ 0 . 1 0 $ 0 . 0 8 $ ( 0 . 0 9 )
 
Weighted average common shares used to calculate net income 
(loss) per share: 
B a s i c .................................................... 3 8 , 6 0 2 3 8 , 0 1 5 3 7 , 3 0 9 
D i l u t e d .................................................. 3 9 , 0 4 7 3 8 , 9 3 7 3 7 , 3 0 9 
 
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 54 PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
(in thousands) 
 
 Accumulated 
 Additional Other Total 
 Common Stock Paid-In Treasury Stock Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders’ 
 Shares Amount Capital Shares Amount Deficit Income (Loss) Equity 
Balances, January 1, 2022 ..... 3 7 , 4 1 1 $ 6 $ 423,069 10,003 $ (104,705) $ (97,721) $ (1,064) $ 219,585 
R e p u r c h a s e o f c o m m o n s t o c k ... ( 933) — — 933 (22,471) — — (22,471)
Issuance of common stock in 
connection with employee stock 
pu r c h a s e p l a n ............... 1 8 7 — 3,011 — — — — 3,011 
Issuance of common stock in 
connection with exercise of 
o p t i o n s .................... 1 5 0 — 1,686 — — — — 1,686 
Vesting of restricted stock units . . 616 — — — — — — — 
Purchases of treasury stock in 
connection with tax withholdings 
on vesting of restricted stoc k .... — — — 246 (6,533) — — (6,533)
Stock-based compensation 
e x p e n s e .................... — — 19,649 — — — — 19,649 
C o m p r e h e n s i v e l o s s .......... — — — — — (3,429) (1,486) (4,915)
Balances, December 31, 2022 . . 37,431 6 447,415 11,182 (133,709) (101,150) (2,550) 210,012 
R e p u r c h a s e o f c o m m o n s t o c k ... ( 2 1 ) — — 21 (743) — — (743)
Issuance of common stock in 
connection with employee stock 
pu r c h a s e p l a n ............... 2 2 4 — 3,832 — — — — 3,832 
Issuance of common stock in 
connection with exercise of 
o p t i o n s .................... 3 0 — 492 — — — — 492 
Vesting of restricted stock units . . 625 — — — — — — — 
Purchases of treasury stock in 
connection with tax withholdings 
on vesting of restricted stoc k .... — — — 257 (9,471) — — (9,471)
Stock-based compensation 
e x p e n s e .................... — — 21,556 — — — — 21,556 
C o m p r e h e n s i v e i n c o m e ........ — — — — — 3,105 163 3,268 
Balances, December 31, 2023 . . 38,289 6 473,295 11,460 (143,923) (98,045) (2,387) 228,946 
R e p u r c h a s e o f c o m m o n s t o c k ... ( 202) — — 202 (6,899) — — (6,899)
Issuance of common stock in 
connection with employee stock 
pu r c h a s e p l a n ............... 1 5 6 — 4,073 — — — — 4,073 
Issuance of common stock in 
connection with exercise of 
o p t i o n s .................... 8 — 123 — — — — 123 
Vesting of restricted stock units . . 550 — — — — — — — 
Purchases of treasury stock in 
connection with tax withholdings 
on vesting of restricted stoc k .... — — — 254 (8,530) — — (8,530)
Stock-based compensation 
e x p e n s e .................... — — 25,411 — — — — 25,411 
C o m p r e h e n s i v e i n c o m e ( l o s s ) ... — — — — — 4,057 (1,144) 2,913 
Balances, December 31, 2024 . . 38,801 $ 6 $ 502,902 11,916 $ (159,352) $ (93,988) $ (3,531) $ 246,037 
 
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 55 PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Cash flows from operating activities: 
Ne t i n c o m e ( l o s s ) ............................................. $ 4 , 0 5 7 $ 3 , 1 0 5 $ ( 3 , 4 2 9 )
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by 
operatin g activities: 
Stock-ba s e d c o m p e n s a t i o n e x p e n s e ............................. 2 5 , 0 4 7 2 1 , 4 8 4 1 9 , 6 4 9 
D e p r e c i a t i o n a n d a m o r t i z a t i o n ................................. 3 , 6 2 8 4 , 9 8 6 5 , 5 2 6 
Amortization of acquired intan gi b l e a s s e t s ....................... 3 , 2 3 1 3 , 5 5 1 3 , 4 8 4 
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts . . . . . . . . 2,674 2,142 1,550 
Net accretion of discounts on shor t- t e r m i n v e s t m e n t s .............. ( 1 , 5 4 2 ) ( 1 , 1 7 4 ) ( 1 8 7 )
Loss on damaged equipment in-transit, net of recovery from 
previously written-off property and equipmen t ................... 5 8 6 — — 
D e f e r r e d t a x e s .............................................. ( 7 4 ) ( 1 0 8 ) ( 4 )
Othe r ..................................................... 2 , 3 8 6 ( 1 9 8 ) — 
Chan ges in operatin g assets and liabilities: 
Accounts receivable ......................................... ( 2 8 , 8 0 0 ) ( 2 , 7 4 8 ) ( 2 , 1 4 3 )
P r e p a i d e x p e n s e s a n d o t h e r c u r r e n t a s s e t s ........................ ( 2 , 0 3 3 ) ( 7 , 3 2 9 ) ( 5 , 7 8 7 )
Operatin g lease ri ght- o f - u s e a s s e t s ............................. 1 , 5 8 0 1 , 2 0 5 1 , 8 2 1 
O t h e r n o n - c u r r e n t a s s e t s ...................................... ( 3 , 5 7 7 ) ( 4 , 1 6 6 ) 2 , 2 5 8 
Accounts pa ya b l e ........................................... 2 , 7 9 1 ( 2 , 1 4 5 ) ( 1 , 4 2 3 )
A c c r u e d c o m p e n s a t i o n a n d r e l a t e d b e n e f i t s ...................... 2 , 2 8 8 ( 2 , 1 8 8 ) 7 , 7 2 0 
Accrued and other liabilities . . . ............................... 1 , 7 8 0 1 1 0 1 , 6 7 1 
D e f e r r e d r e v e n u e s ........................................... ( 1 , 1 3 4 ) ( 3 5 8 ) 1 , 8 2 2 
Billin gs in excess of reco gn i z e d r e v e n u e s ........................ ( 1 , 4 9 5 ) ( 2 8 2 ) 1 , 8 5 2 
Operating lease liabilities ..................................... ( 1 , 6 9 0 ) ( 1 , 2 8 7 ) ( 2 , 0 8 2 )
Net cash provided by operating activities ................... 9,703 14,600 32,298 
Cash flows from investing activities: 
Proceeds from maturities and sales of shor t-term investments . . . . . . . 68,125 43,800 151,500 
Purchases of shor t- t e r m i n v e s t m e n t s ............................ ( 5 4 , 3 3 1 ) ( 5 9 , 5 9 8 ) ( 5 8 , 3 2 1 )
P u r c h a s e o f c o n v e r t i b l e p r o m i s s o r y n o t e ........................ ( 2 , 0 0 0 ) — — 
Proceeds from sale of propert y and equipmen t .................... 5 5 1 0 5 — 
Purchases of property and equipmen t ........................... ( 1 7 , 1 5 5 ) ( 1 1 , 2 3 6 ) ( 8 , 4 0 9 )
Prepa yment for the purchase of propert y and equipmen t ............ ( 6 3 0 ) ( 8 9 ) ( 2 1 )
P u r c h a s e s o f i n t a n g i b l e a s s e t s ................................. — (150) (150)
Payment for business acquisition, net of cash acquire d ............. — (1,823) — 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ............ (5,936) (28,991) 84,599 
Cash flows from financing activities: 
Proceeds from exercise of st ock options . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... 1 2 3 4 9 2 1 , 6 8 6 
Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan . . . . . . . . . . .......... 4 , 0 7 3 3 , 8 3 2 3 , 0 1 1 
Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equit y awards. . . (8,530) (9,471) (6,533)
Repurchases of common stoc k ................................. ( 6 , 8 9 9 ) ( 7 4 3 ) ( 2 2 , 4 7 1 )
Net cash used in financing activities ........................ (11,233) (5,890) (24,307)
 
Effect of exchan ge rate chan ges on cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . (918) (365) (650)
Ne t c h a n g e i n c a s h a n d c a s h e q u i v a l e n t s .......................... ( 8 , 3 8 4 ) ( 2 0 , 6 4 6 ) 9 1 , 9 4 0 
Cash and cash equivalents at be ginnin g of year .................... 9 8 , 9 7 8 1 1 9 , 6 2 4 2 7 , 6 8 4 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ....................... $ 90,594 $ 98,978 $ 119,624 
 
Continued on next page. 56 PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS – CONTINUED 
(in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
Cash paid durin g the ye a r f o r i n c o m e t a x e s ........................ $ 2 , 5 6 2 $ 3 , 7 8 3 $ 2 , 8 5 0 
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating 
lease liabilities . . . . . . ......................................... $ 1 , 7 8 4 $ 1 , 6 4 8 $ 1 , 7 4 4 
 
Supplemental disclosure of noncash information: 
Advances for purchase of property and equipment transferred from 
prepaid assets to propert y and equipmen t ......................... $ 8 9 $ 6 6 $ 3 3 6 
Property and equipment received and accrued in accounts payable 
and accrued and other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... $ 7 , 2 7 2 $ 1 , 5 9 9 $ 3 , 2 0 1 
Net carrying value of property and equipment sold and expensed in 
cost of revenues, and transferred to sales-t yp e l e a s e s ................ $ 7 , 1 5 7 $ 8 , 0 7 6 $ — 
Stock-based compensation capitalized as propert y and equipmen t . . . . . $ 364 $ 72 $ — 
Operatin g lease liabilities arisin g from obtainin g right-of-use assets . . . $ 718 $ 131 $ 2,502 
 
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Description of Business 
PDF Solutions, Inc. (the “Company” or “PDF”), provides products and services designed to empower organizations 
across the semiconductor and electronics ecosystem to connect, collect, mana ge, and analyze data about design, 
equipment, manufacturing, and test to improve the yield an d quality of their products and operational efficiency. The 
Company’s products, services, and solutions include proprietary software, physical intellectual property (“IP”) for 
integrated circuit (“IC”) designs, el ectrical measurement hardware tools, proven methodologies, and professional 
services. 
Basis of Presentation 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries after 
the elimination of all significant inte rcompany balances and transactions. 
Use of Estimates 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect th e reported amounts of assets 
and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilitie s at the date of the financial statements and the reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates in these financial statements include 
revenue recognition, the estimated useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets, assumptions made in 
analysis of allowance for credit losses, fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, 
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, valuation fo r deferred tax assets, and accounting for lease obligations, 
stock-based compensation expense, and income tax uncertaintie s and contingencies. Actual results could differ from 
those estimates and may result in material effects on the Company’s operating results and financial position. 
Concentration of Credit Risk 
Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash 
and cash equivalents, short-term invest ments, and accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2024, and periodically 
throughout the y ear, the Company had cash balances in various opera ting accounts in excess of federally insured limits. 
The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents and shor t-term investments with what it considers high credit 
quality financial institutions. 
The Company primarily sells its products and services to companies in Asia, Europe, and North America within the 
semiconductor industry. As of December 31, 2024, four customers accounted fo r 57% of the Compan y’s gross accounts 
receivable and two customers accounted for 31% of the Compan y’s total revenues for 2024. As of December 31, 2023, 
two customers accounted for 50% of the Company’s gross accounts receivable and one customer accounted for 35% of 
the Company’s revenues for 2023. Two customers accounted for 41% of the Company’s revenues for 2022. See Note 12, 
“Customer and Geographic Information” for further details. Th e Company does not require collateral or other security to 
support accounts receivable. To reduce credit risk, management performs ongoing credit eval uations of its customers’ 
financial condition. The Company maintains allowances for potential credit losses. 
The allowance for credit losses, which was based on management ’s best estimates, could be adjusted in the near term 
from current estimates depending on actual experience. Such adjustments could be material to the consolidated financial 
statements. 58 Supplier Concentration 
Some of the Company’s vendors provide highly specialized, differentiated pr oducts and services related to the 
Company’s eProbe system and some licen sors provide key enabling software for the Company’s products and services. 
In the event any of these suppliers delay or discontinue providing such products and services to the Company, it may be 
difficult for the Company to replace such su ppliers, software, or parts in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or 
make impossible the Company’s ability to deliver or adequately support its software systems or to complete and deliver 
its eProbe systems to its customers, and could negatively im pact the Company’s future financial results of operations. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents, and Investments 
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with e ffective maturities of 90 days or less on the date of 
purchase to be cash equivalents. Investme nts with effective maturities greater than 90 days but less than one year are 
considered short-term investments, while investments with effective maturities great er than one year are considered long-
term investments. The Company classifies its securities as av ailable-for-sale investments and are carried at estimated fair 
value, with the unrealized gains and un realized non-credit-related losses, net of tax, reported as a component of 
accumulated other comprehensive income (lo ss) in stockholders’ equity. Unrealized credit-related losses are recorded to 
interest and other expense (income), net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) with a 
corresponding allowance for credit-related losses in the Conso lidated Balance Sheets. Reali zed gains and losses are based 
on the specific identification method and are included as a component of interest and other expense (income), net in the 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
The Company periodically reviews its investments for impair ment. For investments in unrealized loss positions, the 
Company assesses whether any portion of the decline in fair va lue below the amortized cost basis is due to credit-related 
factors if the Company neither intends to se ll nor anticipates that it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell 
prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. The Company considers factors such as the extent to which the market value 
has been less than the amortized cost basis, any noted failure of the issuer to make scheduled interest or principal 
payments, changes to the rating of the security by a rating agen cy and other relevant credit-related factors in determining 
whether or not a credit loss exists. There was no allowance fo r credit-related losses on any of the Company’s investments 
recognized for the years ende d December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, short-term investments consisted solely of U.S. Go vernment securities and long-
term investments consisted of a non-marketable convertible promissory note . The cost of these securities approximated 
fair value and there was no material gr oss realized or unrealized gains or losse s as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. See 
Note 13, “Fair Value Measurements” for furthe r discussion on the Company’s investments. 
The Company recorded interest income from its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $5.6 million, 
$5.5 million and $1.5 million in the years ended December 31 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
Accounts Receivable 
Accounts receivable include amounts that are unbilled at the end of the period that are expected to be billed and 
collected within a 12-mon th period. Unbilled accounts receiva ble are determined on an indivi dual contract basis. Unbilled 
accounts receivable, included in accounts receivable, totaled $23.0 million and $16.4 million as of December 31, 2024 
and 2023, respectively. Unbilled accounts receivable that are not expected to be billed and collected during the succeeding 
12-month period are recorded in other non-current assets an d totaled $9.0 million and $1.1 million as of December 31, 
2024 and 2023, respectively. 
The Company performs ongoing credit ev aluations of its customers’ financia l condition. An allowance for credit 
losses is maintained for probable credit losses based upon th e Company’s assessment of the expected collectibility of the 
accounts receivable. The allowance for cr edit losses is reviewed on a quarterly basis to assess the adequacy of the 
allowance. 59 The changes in allowance for credit loss es are summarized below (in thousands): 
 Deductions/ 
 Balance at Write-offs Balance at 
 Beginning Charged to of Accounts End of 
 of Period Expense (1) Receivable Period 
2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... $ 8 9 0 $ — $ — $ 890 
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... $ 8 9 0 $ 2 0 $ ( 2 0 ) $ 8 9 0 
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... $ 8 9 0 $ 1 1 $ ( 1 1 ) $ 8 9 0 
 
(1) Additions to the accounts r eceivable reserve for cr edit losses are charged to bad debt expense. 
Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful 
lives (in years) of the related asset as follows: 
Computer equipmen t ........................................ 3 
Software and capitalized software development cos t .............. 3 
Furniture, fixtures, and equipmen t ............................. 5 - 1 0 
Laboratory and test equipmen t ................................ 3 - 1 0 
L e a s e h o l d i m p r o v e m e n t s .................................... S h o r t e r o f e s t i m a t e d u s e f u l l i f e o r t e r m o f l e a s e
Intangible Assets 
Intangible assets consist of acquired technology, certain contract rights, customer relationships, patents, trademarks 
and trade names. These intangible assets may be acquired throu gh business combinations or direct purchases. Intangible 
assets are amortized on a stra ight-line basis over their estimated useful lives which range from one to ten years. The 
Company continually monitors events and changes in circum stances that could indicate car rying amounts of long-lived 
assets, including property and equipment and intangible assets, may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in 
circumstances occur, the Company assesses the recoverability of long-lived assets. Recovera bility of an asset group is 
measured by comparison of its carrying am ount to the expected future undiscount ed cash flows that the asset group is 
expected to generate. If it is determined that an asset group is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded in the 
amount by which the carryi ng amount of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 
Goodwill 
The Company records goodwill when the purchase considera tion of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net 
tangible and identified intangible assets as of the date of acquisition. The Company has one operating segment and one 
operating unit. The Company performs a qualitative analysis when testing a reporting unit’s goodwill for impairment. 
The Company performs an annual impairment assessment of go odwill during the fourth quarter of each calendar year or 
more frequently, if required to determine if any events or circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business 
climate or a decline in the overall industry demand, that woul d indicate that it would more likely than not reduce the fair 
value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount, including goodwill. If events or circumstances do not indicate that 
the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount , then goodwill is not considered to be impaired and no 
further testing is required. If the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized equal to 
the amount of excess, limited to the amount of total goodwill. 
Leases 
The Company has operating leases for administrative and sales offices, research and development laboratory and 
clean room. The Company recogn izes long-term operating lease rights and co mmitments as operating lease right-of-use 
(“ROU”) assets, operating lease liabilities and operating lease liabilities, non-current, respectively, in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets. The Company elected to not separate lease and non-lease components for all of its leases. 60 The Company determines if an arrangement is, or contai ns, a lease at inception. Operating lease ROU assets, and 
operating lease liabilities are initially recorded based on the pr esent value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease 
terms include the minimum unconditional term of the lease, and may include options to extend or terminate the lease 
when it is reasonably certain at the commen cement date that such options will be exercised. The decision to include these 
options involves consideration of the Company’s overall future business plans and other relevant business economic 
factors that may affect its business. Sin ce the determination of the lease term requ ires an application of judgment, lease 
terms that differ in reality from the Company’s initial judgme nt may potentially have a material impact on the Company’s 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit rate. In determining the present 
value of the Company’s expected lease payments, the disc ount rate is calculated using the Company’s incremental 
borrowing rate determined based on the informatio n available, which requires additional judgment. 
Software Development Costs 
Internally developed software is software developed to meet the Company’s internal needs to provide certain services 
to the customers. The Company’s capitalized software devel opment costs consist of internal compensation related costs 
and external direct costs incurred during the application de velopment stage and are amorti zed over their useful lives, 
generally for five years. 
The costs to develop software that is marketed externally consisting of external direct costs and internal compensation 
related costs are capitalized once technological feasibility of the software product has been established. Costs incurred 
prior to establishing technological feasibility are expensed as incurred. Technological feasibility is established when the 
Company has completed all planning, desi gning, coding, and testing activities that are necessary to es tablish that the 
software product can be produced to meet its design specificati ons. Capitalization of such co sts ceases when the software 
product is generally available to customers. These software development costs are amortized using the greater of the 
straight-line method or the usage me thod over its estimated useful life. 
Costs of Revenues 
Costs of revenues consist primarily of costs incurred to provide and support the Company’s services, costs recognized 
in connection with licensing its software, information tech nology (“IT”) and facilities-rela ted costs and amortization of 
acquired technology. Service costs include material costs, hardware costs (includi ng cost of leased assets under sales-
type leases), personnel-related costs (including compensation, employee benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation 
expense), subcontractor costs, overhead costs, travel, a llocated facilities-related costs and product warranty expense. 
Software license costs consist of costs associated with clo ud-delivery related expenses and licensing third-party software 
used by the Company in providing services to its customers in solution engagements or sold in conjunction with the 
Company’s software products. 
Research and Development Expenses 
Research and development expenses co nsist primarily of personnel-related co sts (including compensation, employee 
benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation expense), outside development services, travel, third-party cloud-services 
related costs, IT and facilities cost allocations to suppor t product development activities. Research and development 
expenses are charged to operations as incurred. 
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primar ily of personnel-related costs (including compensation, 
employee benefits, bonus, commission and stock-based compensation expense for sales, marketing and general and 
administrative personnel), legal, tax and accounting servic es, marketing communications and trade conference-related 
expenses, third-party cloud-services related co sts, travel, IT and facilities cost allocations. 
Stock-Based Compensation 
The Company accounts for stoc k-based compensation using the fair valu e method, which requires the Company to 
measure stock-based compensation based on the grant-date fair value of the awards and recognize the compensation 
expense over the requisite service period. As stock-based co mpensation expense recognized is based on awards ultimately 61 expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfe itures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, 
if necessary, in subsequent periods if act ual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
The fair value of the Company’s restricted stock units (“ RSUs”) is equal to the market value of the Company’s 
common stock on the date of the grant. These awards are subject to time-based vesting which generally occurs over a 
period of four years. 
The fair value of the Company’s stock options is estimat ed using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model, 
which incorporates various assumptions including volatility, ex pected life and interest rates. The expected volatility is 
based on the historical volatility of the Company’s common stock over the most recent period commensurate with the 
estimated expected life of the Company’ s stock options. The expected life is ba sed on historical experience and on the 
terms and conditions of the stock options granted. The intere st rate assumption is based upon observed Treasury yield 
curve rates appropriate for the expected life of the Company’s stock options. 
Income Taxes 
The Company’s income tax expense comprises current tax lia bility and change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax conseque nces of temporary differences between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities. The measurement of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on provisions 
of enacted tax laws; the effect of future changes in tax laws or rates are not anticipated. Valu ation allowances are provided 
to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that in management ’s judgment is more likely than not to be recoverable against 
future taxable income. No U.S. taxes are provided on earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries, to the extent such earnings are 
deemed to be permanently inve sted. The Company’s income tax calculations are based on application of applicable U.S. 
federal and state or foreign tax laws. The Company’s tax f ilings, however, are subject to audit by the respective tax 
authorities. Accordingly, the Company recognizes tax liabilitie s based upon its estimate of whether, and the extent to 
which, additional taxes will be due when such estimates are mo re likely than not to be sustained. An uncertain income 
tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. To the extent the final tax 
liabilities are different from the amounts originally accrued, the increases or decreases are reco rded as income tax expense 
or benefit in the Consolidated Statem ents of Comprehens ive Income (Loss). 
Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by weighted average number of common 
shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of 
common shares outstanding for the period plus the potential effect of dilutive securities which are convertible into 
common shares (using the trea sury stock method), except in cases in whic h the effect would be anti-dilutive. Dilutive 
potential common shares consist of incremental common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options, upon vesting of 
RSUs, contingently issuable shares for all periods and assu med issuance of shares under the Company’s employee stock 
purchase plan. No dilutive potential common shares are incl uded in the computation of any diluted per share amount 
when a loss from continuing operations is reported by the Company. 
Foreign Currency Translation 
The functional currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is the local currency for the respective subsidiary. 
The assets and liabilities are translated at the period-end exchange rate, and statements of comprehensive income 
(loss) are translated at the average ex change rate during the year. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency 
translations are included as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Gains and losses resulting from foreign 
currency transactions are included in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
Business Combinations 
The Company allocates the fair value of purchase consider ation to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed 
and intangible assets acquired based on th eir estimated fair values at the date of the business combination. The excess of 
the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as 
goodwill. Such valuations require management to make signi ficant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to 
intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, bu t are not limited to, estimated 62 replacement costs and future expected cas h flows from acquired customers, acqui red technology, acquired patents, and 
trade names from a market participant persp ective, useful lives and discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value 
are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but wh ich are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a 
result, actual results may differ from estimates. Allocation of purchase consideration to iden tifiable assets and liabilities 
affects the Company’s amortization expense, as acquired finite-lived intangible asse ts are amortized over their useful life, 
whereas any indefinite lived intangible assets, including in-process research and development, and goodwill, are not 
amortized but tested annually for impairment. During the meas urement period, which is not to exceed one year from the 
acquisition date, the Company records adjustments to the asse ts acquired and liabilities assume d, with the corresponding 
offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement pe riod, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 
Litigation 
From time to time, the Company is subject to various claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course 
of business. The Company accrues for lo sses related to litigation when a potential loss is probable and the loss can be 
reasonably estimated in accordance with Financial Accounti ng Standards Board (“FASB”) requirements. See Note 7, 
“Commitments and Contingencies.” 
Recently Adopted Accoun ting Pronouncements 
In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting 
(Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures , which expands annual and interim disclosure 
requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The 
Company adopted this ASU for the year ended December 31, 2024. The requirements of this ASU are disclosure-related 
and did not have an impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position and results of operations. See Note 12, 
“Customer and Geographic Information” for further detail. 
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax 
Disclosures . This ASU is intended to improve the transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring (1) consistent 
categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and (2) income taxes paid disaggregated 
by jurisdiction. It also includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. The 
ASU’s amendments are effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. 
Entities are permitted to early adopt the standard for “annual fina ncial statements that have not yet been issued or made 
available for issuance.” This ASU may be applied either pros pectively or retrospectively. The Company will adopt this 
ASU on a prospective basis. Th e Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on the consolidated 
financial statements and related disclosures. 
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – 
Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses . This ASU 
requires the disaggregation of certain expe nses in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, to provide enhanced 
transparency into the expense captions presented on the f ace of the income statement. This ASU is effective on a 
prospective basis for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and for interim periods beginning after 
December 15, 2027, with ear ly adoption permitted. This ASU may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. The 
Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standa rd on the consolidated fina ncial statements and related 
disclosures. 
Management has reviewed other recently issued accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB and 
does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements has ha d or will have a material impact on the consolidated 
financial statements. 
2. REVENUE 
The Company derives revenue from two sources: Analytics revenue and Integrated Yield Ramp revenue. 
The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with FASB Accounting St andards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and its related amendments (collectively known as “ASC 606”). ASC 63 606 outlines a single comprehensive model to use in accoun ting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. 
Revenue is recognized when control of products or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the 
consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those promised products or services. 
The Company determines revenue recognition through the following five steps: 
• Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer 
• Identification of the performance obligations in the contract 
• Determination of the transaction price 
• Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
• Recognition of revenue when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied 
The Company accounts for a contract wh en it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the 
parties are identified, paymen t terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectibility of 
consideration is probable. 
Contracts with mu ltiple performa nce obligations 
The Company enters into contracts that can include various combinations of licenses, products and services, some 
of which are distinct and are accounted for as separate performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance 
obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation on a relative basis 
using the standalone selling price (“SSP”). 
Analytics Revenue 
Analytics revenue is derived from the following primary offerings: licenses and services for standalone software 
(which is primarily Exensio® and Cimetrix® products), SaaS (which is primarily Exensio products), and DFI™ systems 
and CV® systems (including Characterization services) that do not include perfor mance incentives based on customers’ 
yield achievement. 
Revenue from standalone software is recognized depending on whether the license is perpetual or time-based. 
Perpetual (one-time charge) license software is recognized at the time of the inception of the arrangement when control 
transfers to the customer s, if the software license is considered as a separate performance oblig ation from the services 
offered by the Company. Revenue from post-contract support is recognized over the contract te rm on a straight-line basis, 
because the Company is providing (i) suppo rt and (ii) unspecified software update s on a when-and-if available basis over 
the contract term. Revenue from time- based-licensed software is allocated to each performance obligation and is 
recognized either at a point in time or ov er time as follows. The license component is recognized at the time when control 
transfers to customers, with the post-contract support co mponent recognized ratably over the committed term of the 
contract. For contracts with any combina tion of licenses, support, and other servi ces, distinct performance obligations are 
accounted for separately. For contracts w ith multiple performa nce obligations, we allocate the transaction price of the 
contract to each performance obligation on a relative basis using the SSP attributed to each performance obligation. 
Revenue from SaaS arrangements, which allow for the use of a cloud-based software product or service over a 
contractually determined period of time wi thout the customer having to take posse ssion of software, is accounted for as 
a subscription and is recognized as revenue ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the subscription period beginning on the 
date the service is first made available to customers. For contracts with any combination of SaaS and related services, 
distinct performance obligations are accounted for separate ly. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we 
allocate the transaction price of the contract to each performa nce obligation on a relative basis using SSP attributed to 
each performance obligation. 
Revenue from DFI systems and CV systems (including Char acterization services) that do not include performance 
incentives based on customers’ yield achievement is recogn ized primarily as services are performed. Where there are 
distinct performance obligations, the Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based on their SSPs. For those 
contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price of the contract to each 
performance obligation on a relative basi s using SSP attributed to each perfor mance obligation. Wh ere there are not 64 discrete performance obligations, historically, revenue is primarily recognized as services are performed using 
a percentage of completion method based on costs or labor-hou rs inputs, whichever is the most appropriate measure of 
the progress towards completion of the contract. The estimation of percentage of completion method is complex and 
subject to many variables that require significant judgement. Please refer to “Significant Judgments” section of this 
Note for further discussion. 
The Company also leases some of its DF I system and CV system assets to so me customers. The Company determines 
the existence of a lease when th e customer controls the use of these identified assets for a period of time defined in the 
lease agreement and classifies such leases as operating leases or sales-type leases. A lease is classified as a sales-type 
lease if it meets certain criteria under Topic 842, Leases; otherw ise, it is classified as an operating lease. Operating lease 
revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the le ase term. Sales-type lease revenue and corresponding lease 
receivables are recognized at lease comme ncement based on the present value of th e future lease payments, and related 
interest income on lease receivable is recognized over the lease term and are recorded u nder Analytics Revenue in the 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensiv e Income (Loss). Payments under sales- type leases are discounted using the 
interest rate implicit in the lease. When leases are embe dded in contracts with cust omers that include non-lease 
performance obligations, the Company allo cates consideration in the contract be tween lease and non-lease components 
based on their relative SSPs. Assets subject to operating le ases remain in Property and equipment and continue to be 
depreciated. Assets subject to sales-type leases are de recognized from Prop erty and equipment, net at lease 
commencement and a net investment in the lease asset is reco gnized in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and 
Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
The Company generates revenue from the sale of DFI system products. Revenue is recognized at a point in time 
when the Company’s performa nce obligations have been completed an d the customer has accepted the product. 
Integrated Yield Ramp Revenue 
Integrated Yield Ramp revenue is derived from the Company’s fixed-fee engagements that include performance 
incentives based on customers’ yield achi evement (which consists primarily of Gainshare royalties) typically based on 
customer’s wafer shipments, pertaining to these fixed-price contracts, which royalties are variable. 
Revenue under these project–based contracts, which are deliv ered over a specific period of time, typically for a fixed 
fee component paid on a set schedule, is recognized as services are performed us ing a percentage of completion method 
based on costs or labor-inputs, whichever is the most appropriate measure of the progress towards completion of the 
contract. Where there are distinct perf ormance obligations, the Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based on 
their SSPs and allocates the transaction price of the contract to each performance obligation on a relative basis using SSP. 
Similar to the services provided in connection with DFI systems and CV systems that are contributing to Analytics 
revenue, due to the nature of the work performed in thes e arrangements, the estimation of percentage of completion 
method is complex and subject to many variables that requ ire significant judgement. Pl ease refer to “Significant 
Judgments” section of this Note for further discussion. 
The Gainshare royalty contained in Integrated Yield Ramp contracts is a variable fee related to continued usage of 
the Company’s IP after the fixed-fee service period ends, based on a customer’s yield achievement. Revenue derived 
from Gainshare is contingent upon th e Company’s customers reaching certain de fined production yiel d levels. Gainshare 
royalty periods are generally subsequent to the delivery of all contractual services and performance obligations. The 
Company records Gainshare as a usage-based royalty derived from customers’ usage of IP and records it in the same 
period in which the usage occurs. 
Disaggregation of Revenue 
The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers into the timing of the transfer of goods and 
services and the geographical regions. The Company determ ined that disaggregating revenue into these categories 
achieves the disclosure objective to depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are 
affected by economic factors. 65 The Company’s performance obligations are satisfied either over time or at a point-in -time. The following table 
represents a disaggregation of revenue by timing of revenue: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
O v e r t i m e .................................................. 6 6 % 7 1 % 6 9 % 
Point- i n - t i m e ............................................... 3 4 % 2 9 % 3 1 % 
T o t a l ...................................................... 1 0 0 % 1 0 0 % 1 0 0 % 
International revenues accounted for approximately 59%, 44% and 50% of total revenues for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 20 23 and 2022, respectively. See Note 12 , “Customer and Geographic Information.” 
Significant Judgments 
Judgments and estimates are required unde r ASC 606. Due to the complexity of ce rtain contracts, the actual revenue 
recognition treatment required under ASC 606 for the Company’s arrangemen ts may be dependent on contract-specific 
terms and may vary in some instances. 
For revenue under project-based contract s for fixed-price implementation services, revenue is recognized as services 
are performed using a percentage-of-completion method based on costs or labor-hours input method, whichever is the 
most appropriate measure of the progress towards completion of the contract. Due to the natu re of the work performed in 
these arrangements, the estimation of percentage of comp letion method is complex, subject to many variables and 
requires significant judgment. Key fact ors reviewed by the Company to estimat e costs to complete each contract are 
future labor and product costs and expect ed productivity efficiencies . If circumstances arise that change the original 
estimates of revenues, costs, or extent of progress toward completion, revisions to the estimates are made. These revisions 
may result in increases or decreases in estimated revenues or costs, and such revisions are reflected in revenue on a 
cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the circumstances that gave rise to the revision become known. 
The Company’s contracts with customers often include promises to transfer pr oducts, licenses software and provide 
services, including professional services , technical support services, and rights to unspecified updates to a customer. 
Determining whether licenses and services are distinct performance oblig ations that should be accounted for separately, 
or not distinct and thus accounted for together, requires significant judgment. The Company rarely licenses software on 
a standalone basis, so the Company is required to estimate the range of SSPs for each perfor mance obligation. In instances 
where SSP is not directly observable because the Company do es not license the software or sell the service separately, 
the Company determines the SSP using information that may include market conditions an d other observable inputs. 
The Company is required to record Gainshare royalty revenue in the same period in which the usage occurs. Because 
the Company generally does not receive the acknowledgment reports from its cust omers during a given quarter within 
the time frame necessary to adequately review the reports an d include the actual amounts in quarterly results for such 
quarter, the Company accrues the related revenue based on es timates of customers underlyi ng sales achievement. The 
Company’s estimation process can be based on historical data , trends, seasonality, changes in the contract rate, knowledge 
of the changes in the industry and changes in the customer’s manufacturing environment learned through discussions 
with customers and sales personnel. As a result of accruing revenue for the quarter based on such estimates, adjustments 
will be required in the following quarter to true-up revenue to the actual amounts reported. 
Contract Balances 
The Company performs its obligations under a contract with a customer by licensing soft ware or providing services 
in exchange for consideration from the customer. The timing of the Company’s pe rformance often differs from the timing 
of the customer’s paymen t, which results in the recognition of a receiva ble, a contract asset or a c ontract liability. 
The Company classifies the right to consideration in exchange for software or services tr ansferred to a customer as 
either a receivable or a contract asset. A receivable is a right to co nsideration that is uncond itional, as compared to a 
contract asset, which is a right to consideration that is cond itional upon factors other than the passage of time. The majority 66 of the Company’s contract assets represent unbilled amounts related to fixed-price service contracts when the revenue 
recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer. 
The contract assets are generally classified as curren t and are recorded on a net basis with deferred revenue 
(i.e. contract liabilities) at the contract level. The cont ract assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
C u r r e n t ( i n c l u d e d i n P r e p a i d e x p e n s e s a n d o t h e r c u r r e n t a s s e t s ) .................. $ 3 , 2 2 4 $ 6 , 7 8 7 
No n - c u r r e n t ( i n c l u d e d i n O t h e r n o n - c u r r e n t a s s e t s ) ............................ 6 1 7 9 3 3 
T o t a l c o n t r a c t a s s e t s ..................................................... $ 3 , 8 4 1 $ 7 , 7 2 0 
There was no asset impairment charge related to contract assets for the years presented. 
Deferred revenues and billings in excess of recognized reve nues consist substantially of amounts invoiced in advance 
of revenue recognition and are recognized as the revenue r ecognition criteria are met. Defe rred revenues that will be 
recognized during the succeeding twelve-m onth period are recorded as current deferred revenues and the remaining 
portion is recorded in other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Deferred revenues consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
Curren t ................................................................ $ 2 4 , 9 3 0 $ 2 5 , 7 5 0 
Non-current (included in Other non-current liabilities) . . . . ..................... 1 , 5 1 2 1 , 8 0 2 
T o t a l d e f e r r e d r e v e n u e s .................................................. $ 2 6 , 4 4 2 $ 2 7 , 5 5 2 
 
Additional information related to deferred revenue were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenues 
and billings in excess of recognized revenues balances at the 
beginning of each yea r ...................................... $ 2 7 , 6 5 4 $ 2 4 , 7 7 6 $ 2 4 , 9 1 2 
 
As of December 31, 2024, the aggregat e amount of the transaction price a llocated to the remaining performance 
obligations related to customer contracts that were unsati sfied or partially unsatisfied was $221.4 million. Given the 
applicable contract terms with customers, the majority of th is amount is expected to be r ecognized as revenue over the 
next two years, with the remainder recognized thereafter. Th is amount does not include significant contracts to which the 
customer is not committed, future sales-ba sed or usage-based royalty payments in exchange for a license of IP, and future 
payments for performance obligations from on-demand arrangements. This amount is subject to change due to future 
revaluations of variable consideration, terminations, other co ntract modifications, or curren cy adjustments. The estimated 
timing of the recognition of remaining unsatis fied performance obligations is subject to change and is affected by changes 
to the scope, change in timing of delivery of products and services, or contract modifications. 
The adjustment to revenue recognized for the years ended D ecember 31, 2024, 2023 an d 2022 from performance 
obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods was an increase of $2.5 milli on, an increase of $3.7 million 
and an increase of $0.4 million, respectively. These amounts primarily represent changes in estimated percentage-of-
completion based contracts and changes in ac tual versus estimated Gainshare royalty. 
 67 Costs to obtain or fulfill a contract 
The Company capitalizes the incremental costs to obtain or fu lfill a contract with a customer, including direct sales 
commissions and related fees, when it expects to recover thos e costs. Amortization expense related to these capitalized 
costs is recognized over the period associated with the revenue from which the cost was incurred. 
Total capitalized direct sales commission costs were as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
C u r r e n t ( i n c l u d e d i n P r e p a i d e x p e n s e s a n d o t h e r c u r r e n t a s s e t s ) .................. $ 2 , 9 2 9 $ 1 , 9 6 3 
No n - c u r r e n t ( i n c l u d e d i n O t h e r n o n - c u r r e n t a s s e t s ) ............................ 2 , 3 8 5 2 , 5 8 7 
T o t a l c a p i t a l i z e d d i r e c t s a l e s c o m m i s s i o n c o s t s ............................... $ 5 , 3 1 4 $ 4 , 5 5 0 
 
The amortization of capitalized direct sales commission costs we re as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
A m o r t i z a t i o n o f c a p i t a l i z e d d i r e c t s a l e s c o m m i s s i o n c o s t s ......... $ 2 , 6 7 4 $ 2 , 1 4 2 $ 1 , 5 5 0 
There was no impairment loss related to the capitalized direct sales commission costs for the years presented. 
Practical Expedients 
The Company does not adjust transaction price for the effects of a significant financing component when the period 
between the transfers of the promised good or service to the customer and payment for that good or service by the 
customer is expected to be one year or less. The Company assessed each of its revenue generating arrangements in order 
to determine whether a significant financing component exists, and determined its contracts did not include a significant 
financing component for the years ende d December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
3. BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS 
Property And Equipment 
Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
Computer equipmen t ..................................................... $ 1 0 , 7 9 9 $ 1 2 , 5 1 5 
Software and capitalized software development cos t ........................... 5 , 6 1 7 5 , 5 9 6 
Furniture, fixtures, and equipmen t .......................................... 2 , 5 2 9 2 , 5 0 1 
L e a s e h o l d i m p r o v e m e n t s ................................................. 6 , 6 9 1 6 , 4 7 5 
Laborator y and other equipmen t ........................................... 5 , 7 3 4 4 , 8 9 1 
Test equipmen t.......................................................... 2 2 , 6 8 0 2 5 , 0 4 4 
Propert y and equipment in pro gress: 
D F I s y s t e m a s s e t s ...................................................... 3 4 , 9 3 5 2 2 , 8 6 4 
CV s ys t e m a n d o t h e r a s s e t s .............................................. 6 , 4 3 1 6 , 9 7 7 
Total propert y and equipmen t .............................................. 9 5 , 4 1 6 8 6 , 8 6 3 
L e s s : A c c u m u l a t e d d e p r e c i a t i o n a n d a m o r t i z a t i o n ............................. ( 4 6 , 9 5 1 ) ( 4 9 , 5 2 5 )
Total propert y and equipment, ne t .......................................... $ 4 8 , 4 6 5 $ 3 7 , 3 3 8 
Test equipment mainly includes DFI systems and CV syst ems assets at customer sites that are contributing to 
revenue. Property and equipment in progress represent the development or construction of property and equipment that 
have not yet been placed in service for the Company’s intended use and are not depreciated. 68 Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended Decem ber 31, 2024, 2023 and 2 022 was $3.6 million, 
$5.0 million and $5.5 million, respectively. 
Accrued and other current liabilities 
Accrued and other current liabilities cons isted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
A c c r u e d e x p e n s e s ....................................................... $ 7 , 1 5 6 $ 3 , 5 7 9 
A c c r u e d t a x e s ........................................................... 9 5 5 6 8 6 
Othe r .................................................................. 6 4 1 3 6 8 
Total accrued and other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................. $ 8 , 7 5 2 $ 4 , 6 3 3 
 
4. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amount of goodwill was $15.0 million. The following table 
summarizes goodwill tr ansaction for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 
Balance at be ginnin g of year .............................................. $ 1 5 , 0 2 9 $ 1 4 , 1 2 3 
Addition . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................... — 895 
Forei gn currenc y translation ad justmen t ..................................... ( 7 6 ) 1 1 
Balance at end of year .................................................... $ 1 4 , 9 5 3 $ 1 5 , 0 2 9 
 
The Company completed the acquisition of Lantern Machinery Analytics, Inc. in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
See Note 15, “Business Combination” for additional informa tion related to the goodwill and intangible assets added from 
this acquisition. 
Intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 Amortization Gross Net Gross Net 
 Period Carrying Accumulated Ca rrying Carrying Accumulated Carrying
 (Years) Amount Amortization Amount Amount Amortization Amount 
Acquired intangible 
assets: 
Customer 
relationships. . . . . . 1-10 $ 9,499 $ (7,866) $ 1,633 $ 9,508 $ (7,335) $ 2,173 
Developed 
t e c h n o l o g y ....... 4 - 9 3 4 , 5 6 6 ( 2 4 , 6 0 1 ) 9 , 9 6 5 3 4 , 6 5 0 ( 2 2 , 0 9 4 ) 1 2 , 5 5 6 
Tradename and 
t r a d e m a r k s ....... 2 - 1 0 1 , 5 9 8 ( 1 , 1 2 0 ) 4 7 8 1 , 5 9 8 ( 1 , 0 2 5 ) 5 7 3 
Paten t ........... 6 - 1 0 2 , 1 0 0 ( 1 , 8 6 9 ) 2 3 1 2 , 1 0 0 ( 1 , 7 8 2 ) 3 1 8 
Noncompetition 
a g r e e m e n t s ....... 3 8 4 8 ( 8 4 8 ) — 848 (848) — 
T o t a l ............. $ 4 8 , 6 1 1 $ ( 3 6 , 3 0 4 ) $ 1 2 , 3 0 7 $ 4 8 , 7 0 4 $ ( 3 3 , 0 8 4 ) $ 1 5 , 6 2 0 69 The weighted average amortization peri od for acquired identifiable intang ible assets was 4.4 years as of 
December 31, 2024. The amortization expense related to intangible assets were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Amortization of acquired technolo gy (included in costs of revenues) . . $ 2,335 $ 2,266 $ 2,214 
Amortization of acquired intangible assets (presented separately 
u n d e r c o s t s a n d e x p e n s e s ) ...................................... 8 9 6 1 , 2 8 5 1 , 2 7 0 
Total amortization of acquired intan gi b l e a s s e t s .................... $ 3 , 2 3 1 $ 3 , 5 5 1 $ 3 , 4 8 4 
 
The Company estimates future amortization expense of ac quired intangible assets as follows (in thousands): 
Year Ending December 31, Amount 
2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. $ 3 , 0 6 1 
2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. 2 , 8 9 1 
2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. 2 , 7 3 8 
2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. 2 , 4 3 2 
2029 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. 7 4 7 
2030 and thereafte r .................................................................... 4 3 8 
T o t a l f u t u r e a m o r t i z a t i o n e x p e n s e ........................................................ $ 1 2 , 3 0 7 
There were no impairment ch arges for goodwill and intangible assets fo r the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022. 
5. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
Other non-current assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
Net investments in sales-t yp e l e a s e s ( 3 ) ..................................... $ 1 3 , 2 2 6 $ 1 2 , 1 9 6 
Unbilled accounts receivable (2) . .......................................... 8 , 9 8 3 1 , 0 6 9 
C o s t s c a p i t a l i z e d t o o b t a i n r e v e n u e c o n t r a c t s ( 1 ) .............................. 2,385 2,587 
C o n t r a c t a s s e t s ( 1 ) ....................................................... 6 1 7 9 3 3 
Othe r .................................................................. 4 , 3 0 2 2 , 4 3 3 
T o t a l o t h e r n o n - c u r r e n t a s s e t s .............................................. $ 2 9 , 5 1 3 $ 1 9 , 2 1 8 
 
(1) See Note 2, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
(2) See “Accounts Receivable” section of Note 1, “Description of Business an d Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies .” 70 (3) The Company had net investments in sales-type leases fo r its DFI system and CV sy stem assets. The following 
table summarizes the components of the net investments in sales-type leases in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
Present value of lease receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................... $ 1 3 , 2 3 8 $ 9 , 4 6 0 
Less: Contract liabilit y ............................................. ( 3 , 2 3 5 ) — 
Ne t l e a s e r e c e i v a b l e s ............................................... 1 0 , 0 0 3 9 , 4 6 0 
U n g u a r a n t e e d r e s i d u a l a s s e t s ......................................... 7 , 7 4 9 4 , 7 1 7 
Total net investments in sales-t yp e l e a s e s .............................. $ 1 7 , 7 5 2 $ 1 4 , 1 7 7 
Reported as: 
C u r r e n t ( i n c l u d e d i n P r e p a i d e x p e n s e s a n d o t h e r c u r r e n t a s s e t s ) ........... $ 4 , 5 2 6 $ 1 , 9 8 1 
No n - c u r r e n t ( i n l c u d e d i n O t h e r n o n - c u r r e n t a s s e t s ) ..................... 1 3 , 2 2 6 1 2 , 1 9 6 
T o t a l n e t i n v e s t m e n t s i n s a l e s - t y p e l e a s e s .............................. $ 1 7 , 7 5 2 $ 1 4 , 1 7 7 
Maturities of leases payments under sa les-type leases as of December 31, 2024 were as follows (in thousands): 
Year Ending December 31, Amount 
2025 . . . . . . . .................................................................. $ 6 , 7 6 9 
2026 . . . . . . . .................................................................. 7 , 7 7 7 
2027 . . . . . . . .................................................................. 1 , 5 7 0 
2028 . . . . . . . .................................................................. 5 8 
Total future sales-t ype lease pa ym e n t s ............................................. 1 6 , 1 7 4 
Less: Present value ad ju s t m e n t ( a ) ................................................ ( 2 , 9 3 6 )
Present value of lease receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............................... $ 1 3 , 2 3 8 
 
(a) Calculated using the rate implicit in the lease determined for each lease. 
There was no allowance for credit losses on lease r eceivables as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. The 
Company’s ongoing risk management strategy for residual assets includes performing regular reviews of 
estimated residual values. 
6. LEASES 
Lease expense was comprised of the following (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Operatin g l e a s e e x p e n s e ( 1 ) .................................. $ 1 , 5 7 7 $ 1 , 5 3 4 $ 1 , 4 5 7 
Shor t- t e r m l e a s e a n d v a r i a b l e l e a s e e x p e n s e ( 2 ) .................. 1 , 0 4 9 9 2 3 1 , 0 3 2 
T o t a l l e a s e e x p e n s e ......................................... $ 2 , 6 2 6 $ 2 , 4 5 7 $ 2 , 4 8 9 
 
(1) Net of gain recognized upon lease termination of $0.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
(2) Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are no t recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the 
Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a st raight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease 
expense for the periods presented primarily included common area maintenance charges. 71 Supplemental information related to operating leases were as follows: 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
W e i g h t e d a v e r a g e r e m a i n i n g l e a s e t e r m u n d e r o p e r a t i n g l e a s e s ( i n y e a r s ) ........ 3.3 4.4 
Weighted average discount rate for operating lease liabilities .................. 6.01 % 4.96 % 
Maturity of operating lease liab ilities as of December 31, 2024 we re as follows (in thousands): 
Year Ending December 31, Amount 
2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. $ 1 , 8 3 6 
2026 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. 1 , 5 5 9 
2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. 1 , 4 8 5 
2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ................................................................. 8 4 7 
T o t a l f u t u r e m i n i m u m l e a s e p a y m e n t s ..................................................... 5 , 7 2 7 
L e s s : I n t e r e s t ( 1 ) ...................................................................... ( 5 4 8 )
Present value of future minimum lease pa yments under operatin g lease liabilities ................. $ 5 , 1 7 9 
Reported as of December 31, 2024: 
Operatin g lease liabilities – curren t ...................................................... $ 1 , 6 7 5 
Operating lease liabilities – non-curren t .................................................. 3 , 5 0 4 
T o t a l ................................................................................ $ 5 , 1 7 9 
 
(1) Calculated using incremental borrowing interest rate for each lease. 
7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
Strategic Partnership with Advantest 
See Note 14, “Strategic Partnership Agreement With Advantest And Related Party Transactions” for the discussion 
about the Company’s commitments under the strategic partnership with Advantest. 
Operating Leases 
See Note 6, “Leases” for the discussion about the Company’s lease commitments. 
Indemnifications 
The Company generally provides a warranty to its customers that its software will perform substantially in 
accordance with documented specifications typically for a period of 90 days fo llowing delivery of its products. The 
Company also indemnifies certain customers from third-party claims of IP infringement relating to the use of its products. 
Historically, costs related to these guarantees have not been significant. The Company is unable to estimate the maximum 
potential impact of these guarantees on its future results of operations. 
The Company’s standard product warranty terms for the sale of its DFI system product generally include post-sales 
support and repairs or replacemen t of a product at no additional charge for a contractually agreed period of time. The 
standard warranty reserve is based on estimated total exp ected costs to fulfill our warranty obligation based on best 
available information as of the reporting date. The standard warranty reserve was immaterial as of December 31, 2024 
and nil as of December 31, 2023. 
Purchase Obligations 
The Company has purchase obligations with certain suppliers for the purchase of goods and services entered in the 
ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2024, to tal outstanding purchase obligations were $30.8 million, the 
majority of which are due within the next 12 months. 72 Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
As permitted by the Delaware general corporation law, the Company has included a provision in its certificate of 
incorporation to eliminate the personal lia bility of its officers and directors for monetary damages fo r breach or alleged 
breach of their fiduciary duties as officers or directors, ot her than in cases of fraud or other willful misconduct. 
In addition, the Bylaws of the Company provide that the Co mpany is required to indemnify its officers and directors 
even when indemnification would otherwise be discretionary, and the Company is required to advance expenses to its 
officers and directors as incurred in connection with proceedings against them for which they may be indemnified. The 
Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its officers and directors containi ng provisions that are in 
some respects broader than the specific i ndemnification provisions contained in the Delaware general corporation law. 
The indemnification agreements require the Company to inde mnify its officers and directors against liabilities that may 
arise by reason of their status or service as officers and di rectors other than for liabilities arising from willful misconduct 
of a culpable nature, to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could 
be indemnified, and to obtain directors’ and officers’ in surance if available on reason able terms. The Company has 
obtained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in amount s comparable to other companies of the Company’s size and 
in the Company’s industry. Since a maximum obligation of the Company is not explicitly stated in the Company’s Bylaws 
or in its indemnification agreements and will depend on the f acts and circumstances that arise out of any future claims, 
the overall maximum amount of the obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. 
Litigation 
From time to time, the Company is subject to various claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course 
of business. The Company accrues for losses related to litigation when a potential loss is probable, and the loss can be 
reasonably estimated in accordance with FASB requirements. As of Decemb er 31, 2024, except as disclosed below, the 
Company was not party to any material legal proceedings for which a loss was probable or an amount was accrued. From 
time to time, the Company may enter into contingent fee arra ngements with external legal firms that may represent the 
Company in legal proceedings related to disputes. Contingent legal fees are accrued by the Company when they are 
probable and reasonably estimable. 
On May 6, 2020, the Company initiated an arbitration proceeding with the Hong Kong Internatio nal Arbitration 
Center (the “Tribunal”) against SMIC New Technology Res earch & Development (Shanghai) Corporation (“SMIC”) due 
to SMIC’s failure to pay fees due to the Company under a se ries of contracts. The Company seeks to recover the unpaid 
fees, a declaration requiring SMIC to pa y fees under the contracts in the futu re (or a lump sum payment to end the 
contract), and costs associated with bringing the arbitratio n proceeding. SMIC denies liability and an arbitration hearing 
was held in February 2023. Final written submissions were submitted by the parties at the end of August 2023, and the 
parties submitted answers to the Tribunal’s final questions in August 2024. The Company is awaiting the Tribunal’s 
decision on a judgment. 
8. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
Stock Repurchase Program 
On April 11, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted a stock repurchase program (the “2022 Program”) to repurchase 
up to $35.0 million of the Company’s common stock on th e open market and in privately negotiated transactions, 
including through Rule 10b5-1 plans, from time to time, over the next two years from the adoption date. During the year 
ended December 31, 2024, 201,561 shares were repurchased by the Company under the 2022 Program at an average price 
of $34.23 per share for an aggregate total price of $6.9 m illion. In total, the Company repurchased 937,501 shares under 
the 2022 Program at an average price of $25.96 per sh are for an aggregate total price of $24.3 million. 
The 2022 Program expired on April 11, 2024, and on April 15, 2024, the Board of Directors adopted a new stock 
repurchase program (the “2024 Program” ) to repurchase up to $40.0 million of the Company’s common stock both on 
the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, in cluding through Rule 10b5-1 plans, from time to time, over 
the next two years from the adoption date. The Company has not repurchased any shares under the 2024 Program as of 
December 31, 2024. 73 9. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
On December 31, 2024, the Company had the following stock-based compensation plans: 
Employee Stock Purchase Plans 
On June 15, 2021, the Company’s stockholders initially approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which 
has been amended and restated by the Board of Directors an d approved by the Company’s stockholders since then (as 
amended through the date of this report, the “2021 Purchase Plan”). 
Under the 2021 Purchase Plan, eligible employees can contribute up to 10% of their compensation, as defined in the 
2021 Purchase Plan, towards the purchase of shares of PDF common stock at a price of 85% of the lower of the fair 
market value at the beginning of the offering period or the end of the purchase period. The 2021 Purchase Plan 
commenced on August 1, 2021, and provides for twenty-four-month offering periods with four six-month purchase 
periods in each offering period. 
The Company estimated the fair value of purchase rights granted under the 2021 Purchase Plan during the year using 
the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions, resulting in the 
following weighted average fair values: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
E x p e c t e d l i f e ( i n y e a r s ) .................................. 1 . 2 5 1 . 2 5 1.25 
Volatilit y ............................................. 4 0 . 9 7 % 4 3 . 6 6 % 48.73 % 
Risk- f r e e i n t e r e s t r a t e ................................... 4 . 6 1 % 5 . 1 5 % 2.75 % 
Expected dividen d ...................................... — — — 
Weighted average fair value of purchase rights granted during 
the year ............................................... $ 1 0 . 9 1 $ 1 5 . 7 1 $ 1 0 . 0 0 
 
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, a total of 155,828, 223,608 and 182,083 shares, 
respectively, were issued under the 2021 Purchase Plan, at a weighted average purchase price of $26.14 per share, 
$17.14 per share and $16.15 per share, re spectively. During the year ended Decem ber 31, 2022, a total of 5,203 shares 
were issued under the previously expired Employee Stock Purcha se Plan adopted in 2010, at a weighted average purchase 
price of $13.40 per share per share. As of December 31, 2024, un recognized compensation cost related to the 2021 
Purchase Plan was $2.0 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.2 years. 
As of December 31, 2024, 638,481 shares were availa ble for future issuance unde r the 2021 Purchase Plan. 
Stock Incentive Plans 
On November 16, 2011, the Company’s stockholders initially approved the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, which has 
been amended and restated and approved by the Company’s stockholders a number of times since then (as amended 
through the date of this report, the “2011 Plan”). Under the 2011 Plan, the Company may award stock options, stock 
appreciation rights (“SARs”), stock grants or stock units covering shares of the Company’s common stock to employees, 
directors, non-employee directors and contractors. The aggregate number of shares reserved for awards under the 2011 
Plan is 14.6 million shares, plus up to 3.5 million shares pr eviously issued under the 2001 Stock Plan adopted by the 
Company in 2001, which expired in 2011 (the “2001 Plan”) that are either (i) forfeited or (ii) repurchased by the Company 
or are shares subject to awards previously issued under the 2001 Plan that expire or that terminate without having been 
exercised or settled in full on or after November 16, 2011. In case of awards other than options or SARs, the aggregate 
number of shares reserved under the 2011 Plan will be decreased at a rate of 1.33 shares issued pursuant to such awards. 
The exercise price for stock options must generally be at prices no less than the fair market value at the date of grant. 
Stock options generally expire ten years from the date of grant and become vested and exercisable over a four-year period. 74 As of December 31, 2024, 15.1 million sh ares of common stock we re reserved to cover st ock-based awards under 
the 2011 Plan, of which 3.6 million shares were available for future grant. The number of shares reserved and available 
under the 2011 Plan includes 0.5 million shares that were subject to awards previously made under the 2001 Plan and 
were forfeited, expired or repurchased by the Company after the adoption of the 2011 Plan through December 31, 2024. 
As of December 31, 2024, there were no outsta nding awards granted outside of the 2011 Plan. 
The Company estimated the fair value of share-based awards granted under the 2011 Plan during the period using 
the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. There were no stock options granted during the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
Stock-based compensation Expense 
Stock-based compensation is estimated at the grant date ba sed on the award’s fair value and is recognized on a 
straight-line basis over the vesting periods, generally four years. As stock-based compensation expense recognized is 
based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the 
time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
Stock-based compensation expenses related to the Compan y’s stock plans and employee stock purchase plans were 
allocated as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
C o s t s o f r e v e n u e s ........................................... $ 5 , 0 8 7 $ 4 , 1 6 9 $ 2 , 9 7 4 
Research and developmen t ................................... 8 , 9 5 8 7 , 7 1 1 9 , 3 9 1 
Sellin g, ge n e r a l , a n d a d m i n i s t r a t i v e ............................ 1 1 , 0 0 2 9 , 6 0 4 7 , 2 8 4 
Stock-ba s e d c o m p e n s a t i o n e x p e n s e ............................ $ 2 5 , 0 4 7 $ 2 1 , 4 8 4 $ 1 9 , 6 4 9 
 
Stock Options Activity 
Additional information related to stock options under the 2011 Plan were as follows: 
 Outstanding Options 
 Weighted 
 Weighted Average 
 Average Remaining Aggregate 
 Number of Exercise Contractual Intrinsic 
 Options Price Term Value 
 (in thousands) per Share (Years) (in thousands) 
O u t s t a n d i n g , J a n u a r y 1 , 2 0 2 4 ........... 3 8 $ 1 5 . 9 2 
Grante d .......................... — — 
Exercise d ......................... ( 8 ) 1 5 . 2 6 
Cancele d ......................... — — 
Expire d .......................... — — 
Outstanding, Decembe r 3 1 , 2 0 2 4 ........ 3 0 $ 1 6 . 0 9 3 . 2 3 $ 3 2 7 
Vested and expected to vest, 
Decembe r 31, 2024 . . ................. 3 0 $ 1 6 . 0 9 3 . 2 3 $ 3 2 7 
Exercisable, Decembe r 3 1 , 2 0 2 4 ........ 3 0 $ 1 6 . 0 9 3 . 2 3 $ 3 2 7 
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value based on the Company’s closing 
stock price of $27.08 as of December 31, 2024, which would have been receive d by the option holders had all option 
holders exercised their stock options as of that date. 
 75 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years presented were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Intrinsic value of options exercise d ............................ $ 1 4 7 $ 6 3 0 $ 2 , 2 8 7 
Total fair value of stock options vested during the year ended December 31, 2024 was immaterial. As of 
December 31, 2024, there was no remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. 
Restricted Stock Units Activity 
Nonvested restricted stock units were as follows: 
 Weighted 
 Average Grant 
 Shares Date Fair Value 
 (in thousands) Per Share 
No n v e s t e d , J a n u a r y 1 , 2 0 2 4 ............................................. 1 , 9 9 5 $ 3 0 . 0 3 
Grante d ........................................................... 7 5 6 3 5 . 3 0 
Veste d ............................................................ ( 8 0 4 ) 2 7 . 5 7 
Forfeite d .......................................................... ( 6 2 ) 3 1 . 7 6 
Nonvested, Decembe r 3 1 , 2 0 2 4 .......................................... 1 , 8 8 5 $ 3 3 . 1 4 
The weighted average grant date fair values of restrict ed stock units granted during the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022 were $35.30, $43.46 and $23.23, respectively. 
The total fair value of restricted stock units vested du ring the years presented were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Fair value of restricted stock units veste d ....................... $ 2 6 , 9 6 3 $ 3 2 , 7 8 6 $ 2 2 , 6 7 6 
As of December 31, 2024, ther e was $48.1 million of total un recognized compensation cost related to restricted stock 
units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years. Restricted stock units do not have 
rights to dividends prior to vesting. 
401(k) Savings Plan 
The Company sponsors a 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) covering substantially all of its US 
employees. The Company’s 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan with a 401(k) salary de ferral arrangement qualified 
under appropriate provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) and applicable state laws. Under the 401(k) Plan, 
eligible employees may make pre-tax salary or after-tax contributions up to 60% of annual compensation, as defined by 
the 401(k) Plan. In addition, participants who have reache d the age of 50 can elect to withhold additional catch-up 
contributions subject to the Code and the 401(k) Plan limits. Participants may also contribute amounts representing 
distributions from other qualified plans (rollovers). The Company may make discretionary matching contributions. 
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company matched from 50% to 100% of each employee’s 
contribution up to a maximum of 4% of the employee’s total eligible earnings. The Company’s matching contributions 
to the 401(k) Plan aggregated $1.8 m illion, $1.7 million and $1.6 million for th e years ended Decemb er 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022, respectively. 
 76 10. INCOME TAXES 
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, income (loss) before income tax expense from U.S. 
operations was $4.8 million, $3.2 million and ($1.2) million, respectively, and in come before income tax expense from 
foreign operations was $1.8 million, $1.7 million and $1.7 million, respectively. 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
 (In thousands) 
U . S . 
Curren t .................................................. $ 4 9 9 $ ( 3 5 3 ) $ 1 , 2 1 0 
Deferre d ................................................. 9 3 1 3 
Forei gn 
Curren t .................................................. 2 7 7 4 5 3 5 7 7 
Withholdin g .............................................. 1 , 6 9 9 1 , 7 7 0 2 , 1 1 1 
Deferre d ................................................. 3 8 ( 1 0 9 ) ( 1 2 )
T o t a l i n c o m e t a x e x p e n s e .................................... $ 2 , 5 2 2 $ 1 , 7 6 4 $ 3 , 8 9 9 
The reconciliation between the statutory federal income tax expense and the Company’s effective income tax expense 
were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Federal statutor y i n c o m e t a x e x p e n s e ........................... $ 1 , 3 8 2 $ 1 , 0 1 6 $ 1 0 6 
S t a t e i n c o m e t a x e x p e n s e ..................................... 7 3 8 ( 6 5 ) 9 4 9 
S t o c k c o m p e n s a t i o n e x p e n s e .................................. 2 8 6 ( 1 , 7 4 7 ) ( 8 9 8 )
T a x c r e d i t s ................................................. ( 2 , 7 9 5 ) ( 3 , 2 1 4 ) ( 2 , 8 7 7 )
Foreign taxes, ne t ............................................ 1 , 7 0 7 1 , 8 5 9 2 , 1 9 5 
Forei gn-derived intan gi b l e i n c o m e d e d u c t i o n ..................... ( 2 , 0 5 2 ) ( 1 , 6 1 2 ) ( 8 3 0 )
C h a n g e i n v a l u a t i o n a l l o w a n c e ................................. 2 , 8 8 2 5 , 0 4 3 5 , 1 2 2 
S e c t i o n 1 6 2 ( m ) l i m i t a t i o n ..................................... 1 4 8 4 2 4 9 2 
U n r e a l i z e d t a x b e n e f i t r e s e r v e c h a n g e s .......................... 2 3 2 9 9 1 3 6 
Othe r ...................................................... ( 6 ) ( 3 9 ) ( 9 6 )
T o t a l i n c o m e t a x e x p e n s e ..................................... $ 2 , 5 2 2 $ 1 , 7 6 4 $ 3 , 8 9 9 
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had federal and California net operating loss carry-forwards (“NOLs”) of 
$4.5 million and $13.0 million, respectively. Some of the fe deral NOLs, acquired as part of past acquisitions, have 
expirations in 2025 onwards, and about $2.3 million of the federal NOLs have no expiration. The California NOLs begin 
expiring in 2028 onwards. 
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had federal and state research and experimental and other tax credit (“R&D 
credits”) carry-forwards of $24.7 million and $25.5 million, respectively. The federal credits began to expire in 2022, 
while the California credits have no expiration. The extent to which the federal and state credit carry-forwards can be 
used to offset future tax liabilities, respectively, may be limited, depending on the extent of ownership changes within 
any three-year period as provided in the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and th e California Conformity Act of 1987. 
The Company assesses its deferred tax asse ts for recoverability on a regular basis, and where applicable, a valuation 
allowance is recorded to reduce the total deferred tax asset to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the 
future. Based on all available evidence, both positive and negative, the Company determined a full valuation allowance 
was still appropriate for its federal and state net deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) as of Decemb er 31, 2024, primarily driven 
by a cumulative loss incurred over the 12-quarter period en ded December 31, 2024 and the likelihood that the Company 
will not utilize tax attributes before they begin to expire . The valuation allowance was $67.9 million and $64.2 million 
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, resp ectively. The increase in the valuation allowance from December 31, 2023 to 
December 31, 2024 was pr imarily driven by an in crease in capitalized research and ex perimental expenses and credits 
generated in the current year which require a valuation allowa nce. Management will continue to evaluate the need for a 77 valuation allowance and may change its conclusion in a future period based on any change in facts (e.g. 12-quarter 
cumulative profit, significant new revenue, and other relevant factors). If the Company concludes that it is more likely 
than not to utilize some or all of its U.S. DTAs, it will rele ase some or all of its valuation allowance and the Company’s 
income tax expense will decrease in the period in which such determination is made. Net deferred tax asse ts, after the 
U.S. valuation allowance, were immateri al as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
The components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
Deferred tax assets: 
Net operatin g loss carr y forwar d ........................................ $ 2 , 4 1 4 $ 3 , 0 0 5 
Research and development and other credit carry forwar d ................... 3 1 , 9 8 8 3 0 , 6 3 3 
Forei gn tax credit carr y forwar d ........................................ 1 , 9 7 7 7 , 6 1 1 
C a p i t a l i z e d r e s e a r c h a n d e x p e r i m e n t a l e x p e n s e s ........................... 2 6 , 4 2 6 2 0 , 4 0 3 
A c c r u a l s d e d u c t i b l e i n d i f f e r e n t p e r i o d s .................................. 6 , 0 4 9 4 , 0 3 7 
L e a s e s ............................................................. 1 , 1 1 3 1 , 2 8 2 
Stock-ba s e d c o m p e n s a t i o n ............................................ 2 , 0 8 7 1 , 8 8 2 
T o t a l d e f e r r e d t a x a s s e t s .................................................. 7 2 , 0 5 4 6 8 , 8 5 3 
L e s s : v a l u a t i o n a l l o w a n c e ............................................. ( 6 7 , 9 4 6 ) ( 6 4 , 1 5 2 )
T o t a l d e f e r r e d t a x a s s e t s , n e t o f v a l u a t i o n a l l o w a n c e ........................... 4 , 1 0 8 4 , 7 0 1 
 
Deferred tax liabilities: 
Property and equipment, ne t ........................................... ( 7 5 2 ) ( 6 1 2 )
Operatin g lease ri ght- o f - u s e a s s e t s ...................................... ( 1 , 0 8 2 ) ( 1 , 2 6 6 )
I n t a n g i b l e a s s e t s ..................................................... ( 2 , 3 6 6 ) ( 2 , 9 9 5 )
Total deferred tax liabilities . . . . . .......................................... ( 4 , 2 0 0 ) ( 4 , 8 7 3 )
 
Net deferred tax liabilities ................................................. $ ( 9 2 ) $ ( 1 7 2 )
The Company classifies its liabilities for income tax exposure s as long-term. The Company includes interest related 
to unrecognized tax benefits within the Company’s income tax expense. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the 
Company had accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits of $0.6 m illion and $0.7 million, respectively. For 
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized reversal of interest related to unrecognized 
tax benefits of ($20,000), ($15,000) and ($61,000) respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income (Loss). 
The Company’s total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, as of December 31, 2024 was 
$16.6 million, of which $2.1 million, if recognized, would im pact the Company’s effective tax rate. As of December 31, 
2024, the Company has recorded unrecognized tax benefits of $2.8 million, including interest of $0.6 million, as long-
term income taxes payable in its Consolidated Balance Sh eet. The remaining $14.4 million has been recorded within 
DTAs, which is subject to a full valuation allowance. The Company does not expect the change in unrecognized tax 
benefits over the next twelve months to materially im pact its results of operations and financial position. 78 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Gross unreco gnized tax benefits, be ginnin g of year ................ $ 1 5 , 9 3 7 $ 1 5 , 1 0 9 $ 1 4 , 7 4 3 
Increases in tax positions for current yea r ..................... 1 , 2 9 0 1 , 4 6 9 9 8 8 
Increases in tax positions for prior ye a r s ...................... — 91 — 
L a p s e i n s t a t u t e o f l i m i t a t i o n s ............................... ( 6 5 8 ) ( 7 3 2 ) ( 6 2 2 )
Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of yea r ..................... $ 1 6 , 5 6 9 $ 1 5 , 9 3 7 $ 1 5 , 1 0 9 
The Company does not provide deferred taxes on undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as it intends to 
indefinitely reinvest those earnings. 
The Company conducts business globally and, as a result, files numerous consolidated and separate income tax 
returns in the U.S. federal, various state and foreign jurisdic tions. For U.S. federal and California income tax purposes, the 
statute of limitations currently remains open for the years ended 2021 to present and 2020 to present, respectively. In 
addition, all of the NOLs and R&D credit carry-forwards that may be utilized in future years may be subject to federal 
and state examination. The Comp any is not currently under income tax examinations in the U.S. or in any other of its 
major foreign subsidiaries’ jurisdictions. 
Valuation allowance for DTAs is summ arized as follows (in thousands): 
 Balance at Charged to Deductions/ Balance at 
 Beginning Income Tax Write-offs of End of 
 of Period Expens e Accounts Period 
2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... $ 6 4 , 1 5 2 $ 3 , 7 9 4 $ — $ 67,946 
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... $ 5 9 , 2 1 5 $ 4 , 9 3 7 $ — $ 64,152 
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... $ 51,586 $ 7,629 $ — $ 59,215 
 
 
 
11. NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE 
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and deno minators used in computing basic and diluted net income 
(loss) per share (in thousands except per share amount): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
Numerator: 
Ne t i n c o m e ( l o s s ) ........................................... $ 4 , 0 5 7 $ 3 , 1 0 5 $ ( 3 , 4 2 9 )
Denominator: 
B a s i c w e i g h t e d a v e r a g e c o m m o n s h a r e s o u t s t a n d i n g ............. 3 8 , 6 0 2 3 8 , 0 1 5 3 7 , 3 0 9 
Effect of dilutive stock options, unvested restricted stock units, 
and shares of common stock expected to be issued under 
e m p l o y e e s t o c k p u r c h a s e p l a n .............................. 4 4 5 9 2 2 — 
Diluted wei ghted avera ge common shares outstandin g ........... 3 9 , 0 4 7 3 8 , 9 3 7 3 7 , 3 0 9 
 
Net income (loss) per share: 
B a s i c ..................................................... $ 0 . 1 1 $ 0 . 0 8 $ ( 0 . 0 9 )
Dilute d ................................................... $ 0 . 1 0 $ 0 . 0 8 $ ( 0 . 0 9 )
For the year ended December 31, 2022, because the Company was in a loss position, basic net loss per share was the 
same as diluted net loss per share as the inclusion of the potential common shares would have been anti-dilutive. 79 The following table summarizes the potential shares of comm on stock that are not included in the diluted net income 
(loss) per share calculation above because to do so would be anti-dilutive for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
No n - v e s t e d r e s t r i c t e d s t o c k u n i t s ................................. 8 4 3 3 5 1 7 8 7 
O u t s t a n d i n g s t o c k o p t i o n s ....................................... — — 56 
Shares issuable under emplo ye e s t o c k p u r c h a s e p l a n ................. 6 9 — 84 
T o t a l ........................................................ 9 1 2 3 5 1 9 2 7 
 
12. CUSTOMER AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 
Operating segments are defined as components of an en terprise about which separate financial information is 
available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or group, in deciding how to allocate resources 
and in assessing performance. 
The Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), the Chief Executive Officer, reviews discrete financial 
information including total revenues, gross profit, and net income (loss) presented on a consolidated basis for purposes 
of regularly making operating decisions about allocation of resources and financial performance assessment. Further, the 
CODM reviews and utilizes functional expenses (costs of re venues, research and development, and selling, general and 
administrative) at the consolidated level to manage the Company’s operations. Other segment items included in 
consolidated net income (loss) are amortization of acquired intangible asse ts, interest and other expense (income), net 
and income tax expense, which are reflected in the Cons olidated Statements of Co mprehensive Income (Loss). 
Accordingly, the Company considers its elf as one operating and reporting segment because it does not distinguish 
between markets, specifically the provision of services for di fferentiated data and analytics solutions to the semiconductor 
and electronics industries. 
The following table presents segment total revenues, gross pr ofit, and net income (loss) for the periods presented (in 
thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
T o t a l r e v e n u e s .............................................. $ 179,465 $ 165,835 $ 148,549 
C o s t s o f r e v e n u e s ............................................ $ 54,144 $ 51,749 $ 47,907 
G r o s s p r o f i t ................................................ $ 125,321 $ 114,086 $ 100,642 
Ne t i n c o m e ( l o s s ) ............................................ $ 4,057 $ 3,105 $ ( 3 , 4 2 9 )
Revenues from individual customers th at are approximately 10% or more of the Company’s c onsolidated total 
revenues are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
Customer 2024 2023 2022 
A ........................................................ 1 9 % 3 5 % 3 1 %
B ........................................................ 1 2 % * % * %
C ........................................................ * % * % 1 0 %
 
* represents less than 10% 80 Gross accounts receiva ble balances (including amount s that are unbilled) from in dividual customers that are 
approximately 10% or more of the Company’s gross accounts r eceivable balance are as follows: 
 December 31, 
Customer 2024 2023 
A ...................................................................... 2 1 % 3 9 % 
B ...................................................................... 1 3 * % 
C ...................................................................... 1 1 * % 
D ...................................................................... * 1 1 % 
E ...................................................................... 1 2 % * % 
 
* represents less than 10% 
Revenues from customers by geographic ar ea based on the location of the custom ers’ work sites were as follows (in 
thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2024 2023 2022 
 Percentage Percentage Percentage 
 Revenues of Revenues Revenues of Revenues $ Revenues of Revenues 
United States . . . . . . . . . $ 74,341 41 % $ 92,798 56 % $ 73,625 50 % 
J a p a n ................ 3 7 , 4 2 7 2 1 % 1 0 , 4 6 5 6 % 1 3 , 9 1 6 9 % 
C h i n a ............... 2 2 , 1 0 2 1 2 % 2 6 , 4 8 8 1 6 % 2 4 , 4 9 4 1 6 % 
T a i w a n .............. 9 , 2 5 7 5 % 9 , 3 3 9 6 % 7 , 9 9 5 6 % 
Rest of the world . . . . . . 36,338 21 % 26,745 16 % 28,519 19 % 
Total revenue . . . . . . . . . $ 179,465 100 % $ 165,835 100 % $ 148,549 100 % 
Long-lived assets, net by geographic area were as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 
 2024 2023 
U n i t e d S t a t e s ( 1 ) ................................................. $ 5 8 , 7 8 2 $ 4 5 , 6 1 9 
R e s t o f t h e w o r l d ................................................. 1 , 4 6 1 1 , 3 6 2 
Total lon g-lived assets, ne t ......................................... $ 6 0 , 2 4 3 $ 4 6 , 9 8 1 
 
 
(1) Includes assets deployed at customer sites which could be outside the U.S. 
13. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
Fair value is the exit price, or the amount that would be recei ved to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants as of th e measurement date. The multiple assumptions used to value 
financial instruments are referred to as i nputs, and a hierarchy for inputs used in m easuring fair value is established, that 
maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most 
observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs reflect assumptions market participants would use in pricing 
an asset or liability based on market data obtained from inde pendent sources while unobservable inputs reflect a reporting 
entity’s pricing based upo n its own market assumptions. Th ese inputs are ranked according to a fair value hi erarchy that 
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. 
 
Level 1 - Inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 81 Level 2 - Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets or liab ilities in an active market, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are
observable and market-corroborated inputs which are derived principally from or corroborated b y
observable market data. 
Level 3 - Inputs are derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or value drivers
are unobservable. 
 
The following table summarizes the fair value of th e Company’s financial instruments (in thousands): 
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
 Balance Sheet December 31, 
Assets Classification 2024 (Level 1) (Level 2) Level 3) 
Money market mutual funds . . . . . . Cash equivalents $ 66,213 $ 66,213 $ — $ — 
Available-fo r-sale debt securities: 
U.S. Government securities (1) . . Short-term 
investments 24,291 24,291 — — 
Convertible note r eceivable (2) . . Non-current 
assets 2,038 — — 2,038 
T o t a l ......................... $ 9 2 , 5 4 2 $ 9 0 , 5 0 4 $ — $ 2,038 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
 Balance Sheet December 31, 
Assets Classification 2023 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) 
Money market mutual funds . . . . . . Cash equivalents $ 83,810 $ 83,810 $ — $ — 
Available-fo r-sale debt securities: 
U.S. Government securities (1) . . Short-term 
investments 36,544 36,544 — — 
T o t a l ......................... $ 1 2 0 , 3 5 4 $ 1 2 0 , 354 $ — $ — 
 
(1) The carrying amount of the Company’s investments in U.S. Government securities approximate fair value due 
to their short-term maturities, and there have been no ev ents or changes in circumstances that would have had a 
significant effe ct on the fair value of these secur ities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
(2) In August 2024, the Company purchased a $2.0 million non-marketable convertible promissory note from an 
unrelated third party (the “convertible note”). The conv ertible note bears a 5% interest rate annually and will 
mature in August 2026. 
14. STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT WITH ADVANTEST AND RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS 
In July 2020, the Company entered into a long-term stra tegic partnership with Advantest Corporation through its 
wholly-owned subsidiary, Advantest America, Inc. (collectivel y referred to herein as “Advantest”), which includes: (i) a 
Securities Purchase Agreement wherein the Company issued and sold to Advantest America, Inc., an aggregate of 
3,306,924 shares of its common stock, for aggregate gross pr oceeds of $65.2 million; (ii) a significant agreement for its 
assistance in development of cloud-based applications for Advantest tools that leverages our Exensio analytics software; 
(iii) a commercial agreement providing for the license to third parties of solutions that result from the development work 
that combine Advantest’s testing applications and our Exensi o platform; and (iv) a 5-year cloud-based subscription for 
Exensio analytics software and related services. 
Analytics revenue recognized from Ad vantest during the years ended D ecember 31, 2024, 20 23 and 2022 was 
$12.7 million, $9.0 million and $10.3 million, respectively. Acco unts receivable from Advantest were not material as of 
December 31, 2024 and 2023. Deferred revenue amounted to $8.3 m illion and $9.4 million as of December 31, 2024 and 
2023, respectively. 82 The Company carries out transactions with Advant est on arm’s length commercial customary terms. 
15. BUSINESS COMBINATION 
On July 5, 2023 (the “Acquisition Date”), the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Canada, PDF 
Solutions Canada, Ltd., acquired 100% of the equity intere st in Lantern Machinery Analytics, Inc. headquartered in 
Canada, a privately-held provider of automated image anal ysis and feature extraction m achine learning and artificial 
intelligence (“AI”) software for critical inspection and metr ology steps at battery cell development and manufacturing 
processes for the electric vehicle industry. This software will enhance the Company’s Exensio analytics software and 
product offerings to new and existing battery manufacturer customers. The total cash consideration for this acquisition 
was $1.8 million, net of cash acquired, for all of the outs tanding equity of Lantern Machinery Analytics, Inc. 
The Company accounted for this acquis ition as a business combination in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, 
Business Combinations . This method requires that assets acquired an d liabilities assumed in a business combination be 
recognized at their respective estimated fair values as of the Acquisition Date. The excess of purchase consideration over 
the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible asse ts acquired was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recorded 
from this acquisition represents business benefits the Comp any anticipates from the acqui red workforce and expectation 
for expanded sales opportunities to foster further business growth. Due to the nature of the transaction, the goodwill 
associated with the acquisition is not deductible for tax purp oses. Total payments made for this acquisition, net of cash 
acquired, amounted to $1.8 million and was funded from available cash of the Company. 
The allocation of the purchase price for this acquisition, as of the date of the acquisition, is as follows (in thousands, 
except amortization period): 
 Amortization 
 Amount Period (Years) 
Allocation of Purchase Price: 
Assets 
F a i r v a l u e o f t a n g i b l e a s s e t s ( i n c l u d i n g c a s h o f $ 2 6 5 ) ............................ $ 4 5 0 
Fair value of intan gible assets: 
Developed technology .................................................... 1 , 0 1 0 8 
C u s t o m e r r e l a t i o n s h i p s .................................................... 1 0 0 6 
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . ..................................................... 8 9 5 N/A 
Total assets acquired ...................................................... 2,455 
Liabilities 
Deferred tax liabilities ...................................................... 2 9 4 
Accounts pa ya b l e a n d a c c r u e d e x p e n s e s ....................................... 7 3 
Total liabilities assumed ................................................... 367 
Total purchase price allocation ............................................. $ 2,088 
Pro forma results of operations have not been presented be cause the effect of the acquisition was not material to the 
Company’s financial results. 
16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
Pending Business Acquisition and Debt Financing 
On February 19, 2025, the Company entered into an Equi ty Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with 
Telit IOT Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Se ller”), and SecureWise LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (the “Target”, or “secureWISE”), pursuant to which the Company will acquire the Seller’s secureWISE business 
(the “Business”) by means of a purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests of the Target held by the Seller (the 
“Transaction”). The Purchase Agreement contains warranti es, covenants, closing conditions and indemnities customary 
for acquisitions of this nature. 
 83 Upon completion of the Transaction (“Closing”), the Company expect s the acquisitio n to accelerate equipment 
makers’ ability to derive value from equipment data by enabling them to leverage the Company’s Exensio analytics 
software and to expand the capability of the Company’s secure DEX OSAT network by allowing equipment makers, fab 
operators, and fabless companies to collaborate to optimize chip manufacturing and test. 
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, upon Closing, th e Company will pay the Seller a cash purchase price of 
$130 million, subject to customary adjustments in respect of indebtedness, transaction expens es, cash and working capital 
of the Business. The purchase price will be funded by a combination of cash on hand and new bank debt, as discussed 
below. The Transaction was approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and is expected to close during the first 
calendar quarter of 2025. 
In connection with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has delivered to the Seller a debt 
commitment letter (the “Debt Commitment Letter”) execute d with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the 
“Commitment Party”), pursuant to which the Commitment Pa rty has committed, subject to the terms and conditions 
contained therein, to provide the Company with (a) a revol ving credit facility in an a ggregate principal amount of 
$45 million and (b) a term loan facility in an aggregate pr incipal amount of $25 million (the “Debt Financing”). The 
proceeds of the Debt Financing are intended to fund, in part, the purchase price payable in the Transaction, on the terms 
and subject to the conditions set forth therein. The Purchase Agreement does not include a financing contingency. The 
funding of the Debt Financing is contingent upon the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary conditions set forth in 
the Debt Commitment Letter, including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of definitive documentation 
consistent with the Debt Commitment Letter. 
 84 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accounta nts on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
None. 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Our management, with the participati on of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting 
officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our “disclosure controls and procedures” as defined in Exchange Act 
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of December 31, 2024, in connection with the filing of this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, as of December 31, 2 024, our principal ex ecutive officer and principal financial 
and accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information 
we are required to disclose in reports that we file or subm it under the Exchange Act is re corded, processed, summarized 
and reported within the time periods sp ecified in the rules and fo rms of the SEC and is accumulated and communicated 
to our management as appropriate to allow tim ely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Fina ncial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, 
as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for the Company. Our management, with the 
participation of our principa l executive officer and principal financial an d accounting officer, assessed the effectiveness 
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. This evaluation was based on the framework 
established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of 
the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on our assessment under the COSO framework, our management concluded 
that our internal control over financial reporting was effec tive as of December 31, 2024. 
The effectiveness of the Company’s inte rnal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, has been 
audited by BPM LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, as st ated in their report which 
appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Changes in Internal Contro l over Financial Reporting 
There were no changes in internal cont rol over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 
2024, which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial 
reporting. 
Item 9B. Other Information. 
Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements 
During the quarter ended December 31, 2024, none of our directors or officer s informed us of the adoption or 
termination of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading ar rangement” or “non-Rule 10 b5-1 trading arrangement,” as those terms are defined 
in Regulation S-K, Item 408. 
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Juri sdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
None. 85 PART III 
Pursuant to Paragraph (3) of the General Instructions to Form 10-K, certain of the information required by Part III 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by refe rence from our Proxy Statement as set forth below. The Proxy 
Statement is expected to be filed w ithin 120 days of December 31, 2024. 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Office rs and Corporate Governance. 
Information with respect to our directors and our Audit Committee appears in our Proxy Statement under 
“Proposal No. 1 — Election of Class II Di rectors — Nominees for Class II Direct ors” and is incorporated herein by 
reference. Information with respect to our executive officers appears in Part I, Item 1 — “Information about our Executive 
Officers” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
With regard to the information required by this item rega rding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, 
we will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement, and such disclosure, if any, 
is incorporated herein by reference. 
Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics (“Code of Ethics”), which is applicable to all employees of the 
Company, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer. Our Code of Ethics 
is available on our website at www.pdf.com, on the investor relations page. The Company’s website address provided is 
not intended to function as a hyperlink, and the information on the Company’s website is not, and should not be 
considered, part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference herein. You may also request 
a copy of our Code of Ethics in writing by sending your request to PDF Solutions, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 
2858 De La Cruz Blvd., Santa Clara, California 95050. If we make any substantive amendments to our Code of Ethics or 
grant any waiver, including any implicit wa iver, from a provision of the Code of Ethics to our Chief Executive Officer 
or Chief Financial Officer, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report 
on Form 8-K. 
We have adopted an Insider Trading and Disclosure Polic y (filed as Exhibit 19.01 to this Annual Report on 
Form 10- K) governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositio ns of our securities by our directors, officers, and 
employees. We also follow procedures for our repurchase of our securities. We believe that our Insider Trading and 
Disclosure Policy and repurchase proce dures are reasonably designed to promot e compliance with insider trading laws, 
rules, and regulations and the Nasdaq listing standards applicable to us. 
Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled “Executive 
Compensation” in ou r Proxy Statement. 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
The information required by this item is incorporated here in by reference to the section entitled “Security Ownership 
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in our Pr oxy Statement. Also incorpor ated by reference is the 
information in the table under the heading “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement. 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled “Certain 
Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Corporate Governance — Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement. 
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
Information with respect to Principal Accountant Fees and Se rvices is incorporated by re ference to “Proposal No. 2: 
Ratification of Appointment of Inde pendent Registered Public Accountin g Firm” in our Proxy Statement. 86 PART IV 
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
(a) The following documents are file d as part of this report: 
(1) Consolidated Financial Statements and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
The following documents are included as Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Page 
 
 Reports of BPM LLP, Independent Re gistered Public Accountin g F i r m ( P C A O B I D : 2 0 7 ) ............... 4 9 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of Decembe r 3 1 , 2 0 2 4 a n d 2 0 2 3 .................................... 5 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 an d 2 0 2 2 ............................................................................. 
53 
 Consolidated Statements of St ockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2024, 
2 0 2 3 a n d 2 0 2 2 ............................................................................. 
54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended Decembe r 3 1 , 2 0 2 4 , 2 0 2 3 a n d 2 0 2 2 ......... 5 5 
 No t e s t o C o n s o l i d a t e d F i n a n c i a l S t a t e m e n t s ..................................................... 5 7 
 
(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present 
in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule , or because the information required is included in the 
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
(3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
See Item 15(b) below. 87 (b) Exhibits 
 
INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
Exhibit 
Number Exhibit Description Form Filing 
Date Exhibit 
Number SEC File 
Number Provided 
Herewith 
2.01 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of 
February 19, 2025, by and among PDF 
Solutions, Inc., SecureWise LLC and Telit 
IOT Solutions Inc. 8-K 2/19/2025 2.1 000-31311 
3.01 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of PDF Solutions, Inc., and 
Certificate of Amendment to Third 
Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of PDF Solutions, Inc. 10-Q 8/8/2024 3.01 000-31311 
3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of PDF 
Solutions, Inc. 8-K 5/1/2019 3.1 000-31311 
4.01 Stockholder Agreement by and between 
PDF Solutions, Inc. and Advantest 
America, Inc. dated July 30, 2020 10-Q 11/6/2020 4.2 000-31311 
4.02 Description of the Registrant’s Securities 
Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 10-K 3/1/2022 4.03 000-31311 
10.01 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
between PDF Solutions, Inc. and certain of 
its senior executive officers and directors* 10-K 3/16/2009 10.17 000-31311 
10.02 PDF Solutions, Inc. First Amended and 
Restated 2021 Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan* DEF14A 4/29/2024 Appendix 
C 000-31311 
10.03 PDF Solutions, Inc. Ninth Amended and 
Restated 2011 Stoc k Incentive Plan* X 
10.04 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Non-
statutory) under PDF Solutions, Inc. 2011 
Stock Incentive Plan* 10-K 3/15/2012 10.18 000-31311 
10.05 Form of Stock Unit Agreement under PDF 
Solutions, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan* 10-K 3/15/2012 10.19 000-31311 
10.06 Board of Directors Acceleration 
Agreement* 10-K 2/27/2024 10.06 000-31311 
10.07 Employment offer to Adnan Raza, dated 
January 23, 2020* 10-K 3/10/2020 10.17 000-31311 
 
 88 
 Incorporated by Reference 
Exhibit 
Number Exhibit Description Form Filing 
Date Exhibit 
Number SEC File 
No. Provided 
Herewith 
10.08 Software License and Related Services 
Agreement by and between PDF 
Solutions, Inc. and Adva ntest America, Inc. 
dated March 25, 2020 and Amendment 
No.1 thereto dated July 29, 2020+ 10-Q 11/6/2020 10.1 000-31311 
10.09 Amendment #1 to Amendment #1 to 
Software License and Related Services 
Agreement by and between PDF Solutions, 
Inc. and Advantest America, Inc., dated 
June 5, 2022, by and between PDF 
Solutions, Inc. and Advantest America, 
Inc.+ 10-Q 11/10/2022 10.01 000-31311 
10.10 Amendment #2 to Amendment #1 to 
Software License and Related Services 
Agreement by and between PDF Solutions, 
Inc. and Advantest America, Inc., signed 
November 11, 2022, by and between PDF 
Solutions, Inc. and Advantest America, 
Inc.+ 10-K 3/1/2023 10.13 000-31311 
10.11 Amended and Restated Master 
Development Agreement by and between 
PDF Solutions, Inc. and Advantest 
America, Inc. dated July 29, 2020+ 10-Q 11/6/2020 10.2 000-31311 
10.12 Addendum #1 to Revised 2020 Contract, 
signed March 17, 2023, by and between 
PDF Solutions, Inc. and Advantest 
America, Inc.+ 10-Q 8/8/2023 10.2 000-31311 
10.13 Master Commercial Terms and Support 
Services Agreement by and between PDF 
Solutions, Inc. and Adva ntest America, Inc. 
dated July 29, 2020+ 10-Q 11/6/2020 10.3 000-31311 
10.14 Securities Purchase Agreement by and 
between PDF Solutions, Inc. and Advantest 
America, Inc. dated July 29, 2020+ 10-Q 11/6/2020 4.1 000-31311 
19.01 Insider Trading and Disclosure Policy X 
21.01 Subsidiaries of Registrant X 
23.01 Consent of BPM LLP, Independent 
Registered Public Accounting Firm X 
 
 89 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
Exhibit 
Number Exhibit Description Form Filing 
Date Exhibit 
Number SEC File 
No. Provided 
Herewith 
31.01 Certifications of the principal executive 
officer and principal financial and 
accounting officer pursuant to Exchange 
Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as 
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 
31.02 Certifications of the principal executive 
officer and principal financial and 
accounting officer pursuant to Exchange 
Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as 
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 
32.01 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002† X 
32.02 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002† X 
97.01 Compensation Recovery Policy 10-K 2/27/2024 97.01 000-31311 
101 The following financial statements from the 
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for the year ended December 31, 2024, 
formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated 
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 
and 2023, (ii) Consolid ated Statements of 
Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years 
Ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
(iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
(iv) Consolidated Stat ements of Cash Flows 
for the Years Ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022, and (v) Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged 
as blocks of text and including detailed tags. X 
 90 
 Incorporated by Reference 
Exhibit 
Number Exhibit Description Form Filing 
Date Exhibit 
Number SEC File 
No. Provided 
Herewith 
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted 
as Inline XBRL and contained in 
Exhibit 101) 
 
 
* Indicates mana gement contract or compensator y plan or arran gement. 
† Furnished, and not filed. 
+ Certain portions of this document that constitute conf idential information have been redacted in accordance 
with Re gulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). 
 
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
Not applicable. 
 91 SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of th e Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly 
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PDF SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 
 B y: /s/ John K. Kibarian 
 John K. Kibarian 
 President and Chief Executive Office r 
 (Principal executive officer) 
 
 
 
 
 B y: /s/ Adnan Raza 
 Adnan Raza 
 Executive Vice Pr esident, Finance and Chief 
Financial Office r 
 (Principal financial and accountin g officer) 
 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 92 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the 
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
Date Signature Title 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 /s/ JOHN K. KIBARIAN Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 John K. Kibarian (Princi pal executive officer ) 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 /s/ ADNAN RAZA Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial 
 Adnan Raza Office r 
 (Princi pal financial and accountin g officer ) 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 /s/ JOSEPH R. BRONSON Lead Independent Director 
 Joseph R. Bronson 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 s/ CHI-FOON CHAN Director 
 Chi-Foon Chan 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 /s/ NANCY ERBA Director 
 Nanc y Erba 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 /s/ MICHAEL B. GUSTAFSON Director 
 Michael Gustafson 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 s/ YE JANE LI Director 
 Ye Jane Li 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 s/ KIMON MICHAELS Director 
 Kimon Michaels 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 s/ SHUO ZHANG Director 
 Shuo Zhang 
 
 
 Exhibit 21.01 
 
Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
Name of Entity Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 
Cimetrix Incorporate d Nevada 
 
Cimetrix International, Inc. Nevada 
 
Cimetrix Japan KK Japan 
 
Cimetrix Software (Shan ghai) Co., Ltd. China 
 
PDF Solutions Asia Serv ices, Inc. Delaware 
 
PDF Solutions Canada Ltd. Canada 
 
PDF Solutions GmbH German y 
 
PDF Solutions International Services, Inc. Delaware 
 
PDF Solutions KK Japan 
 
PDF Solutions Pacific Services, Inc. Delaware 
 
PDF Solutions SARL France 
 
PDF Solutions Sweden AB Sweden 
 
PDF Solutions Ital y S.r.l. Ital y 
 
PDF Solutions Semiconductor Technolo gy (Korea) Limite d Korea 
 
PDF Solutions Semiconductor Technolo gy (Shan ghai) Co. Ltd. China 
 
PDF Solutions Semiconductor Technolo gy Taiwan Ltd. Taiwan 
 
 Exhibit 23.01 
 
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S 8 (Nos. 333-281385, 333-257792, 33 3-
233070, 333-202455, 333-180324, 333-167533, 333-159211, 333-149281, 333-141660, 333-133332, 333-112728, 333-109809, and 
333-102509) of PDF Solutions, Inc. of our reports dated February 27, 2025 relating to the consolidated financial statements and internal 
control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
/s/ BPM LLP 
 
San Jose, California 
February 27, 2025 
 EXHIBIT 31.01 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
 
I, John K. Kibarian, certify that: 
 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PDF Solutions, Inc.; 
 
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any unt rue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fac t 
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with 
respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all 
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period pr esented in this 
report; 
 
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under o ur 
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to th e registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made k nown to us 
by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be de signed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financ ial 
statements for external purpos es in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclu sions about 
the effectiveness of the di sclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such e valuation; 
and 
 
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial re porting that occurred during the registrant’s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual repo rt) that has materially affecte d, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registra nt’s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over 
financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons perfor ming the 
equivalent functions): 
 
(a) All significant deficiencies and materi al weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporti ng which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registr ant’s 
internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/ John K. Kibarian 
 John K. Kibarian 
 President and Chie f Executive O fficer 
 (principal executive o fficer) 
Februar y 27, 2025 
 EXHIBIT 31.02 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
 
I, Adnan Raza, certify that: 
 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of PDF Solutions, Inc.; 
 
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any unt rue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fac t 
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with 
respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all 
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods p resented in 
this report; 
 
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under o ur 
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to th e registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made k nown to us 
by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be de signed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financ ial 
statements for external purpos es in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclu sions about 
the effectiveness of the di sclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such e valuation; 
and 
 
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial re porting that occurred during the registrant’s 
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual repo rt) that has materially affecte d, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registra nt’s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over 
financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons perfor ming the 
equivalent functions): 
 
(a) All significant deficiencies and materi al weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporti ng which are 
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registr ant’s 
internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/ Adnan Raza 
 Adnan Raza 
 Executive Vice President, Finance and Chie f
Financial O fficer 
 (Principal financial and accountin g officer) 
Februar y 27, 2025 
 EXHIBIT 32.01 
 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
In connection with the Annual Report of PDF Solutions, Inc. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2024 as filed with the Securities and Excha nge Commission on February 27, 2025 (the “Report”), I, John K. Kibarian, President a nd 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 
(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of sectio n 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material resp ects, the financial condition and result of 
operations of the Company. 
 
 /s/ John K. Kibarian 
 John K. Kibarian 
 President and Chie f Executive O fficer 
 (principal executive o fficer) 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 
 EXHIBIT 32.02 
 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
In connection with the Annual Report of PDF Solutions, Inc. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Febr uary 27, 2025 (the “Report”), I, Adnan Raza, Executive Vice 
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 
(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of sectio n 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material resp ects, the financial condition and result of 
operations of the Company. 
 
 /s/ Adnan Raza 
 Adnan Raza 
 Executive Vice Presiden t, Finance and Chie f
Financial O fficer 
 (principal financial and accountin g officer) 
 
Februar y 27, 2025 
 (This page has been left blank intentionally.) (This page has been left blank intentionally.) Safe Harbor Statement 
With the exception of historical facts, the statements in this Report, including Dr. Kibarian’s letter to stockholders, are forward‐looking and subject to the Safe Harbor provisions created by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements include, but are not limited to: PDF’s positioning for, and ability to achieve, future growth, higher margins, or more predictable revenue; PDF’s ability to accurately predict future trends and customer needs; PDF’s development of products and services sought by the market; and, PDF’s ability to support solutionmers use of PDF’s products and services. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward‐looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially include the risks set forth in PDF’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including any changes in the marketplace for semiconductor analytics products, including the introduction of products or services competitive with those of PDF. The forward‐looking statements made in this Report are made as of the date hereof, and PDF does not assume any obligation to update such statements nor the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those projected in such statements.
© 2022 PDF Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks used herein are the property of PDF Solutions, Inc. or its affiliates. CORPORATE INFORMATION
MANAGEMENT TEAM 
John K. Kibarian, Ph.D. 
Chief Executive Officer, President and Co‐Founder 
Adnan Raza 
Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
Kimon Michaels, Ph.D. 
Executive Vice President, Products and Solutions and Co‐Founder 
Andrzej Strojwas, Ph.D. 
Chief Technology OfficerBOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Joseph R. Bronson 
Lead Independent Director,PDF Solutions, Inc.; Principal and Chief Executive Off
icer, Bronson Group LLC; Director, Graph Audio
; Former Nancy Erba 
Chief Financial Officer, Infinera Corporation
Michael B. Gustafson 
Executive Chairman and Independent Board Director, Druva, Inc.; Director, Everspin Technologies, Inc. 
John K. Kibarian, Ph.D.
Chief Executive Officer, President and Co‐Founder
Ye Jane LiStrategic Advisor for Diversis Capital; Director, Semtech, Knowles, CTS, and ServciePower 
Kimon Michaels, Ph.D. 
Executive Vice President, Products and Solutions and Co‐Founder 
Shuo Zhang 
Chief Executive Officer and General Partner 
of Renascia Partners LLC
Venture CapitalistANNUAL MEETING 
OF STOCKHOLDERS 
Tuesday, June 14, 2022 
PDF Solutions, Inc. 2858 De La Cruz Boulevard Santa Clara, CA 95050 
EXCHANGE AND STOCK 
MARKET LISTING Nasdaq Stock Market: PDFS 
TRANSFER AGENT AND 
REGISTRAR Computershare, Inc. 462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600 Louisville, KY 40202 
LEGAL COUNSEL 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP 1000 Marsh Road 
Menlo Park, CA 94025 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
BPM LLP 10 Almaden Boulevard Suite 1000 San Jose, CA 95113 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
PDF Solutions, Inc. 
2858 De La Cruz Blvd Santa Clara, California 95050 
Tel: +1 408 280 7900 
info@pdf.com 
http://www.pdf.com 
Safe Harbor Statement 
With the exception of historical facts, the statements in this Report, including Dr. Kibarian’s letter to stockholders, are forward‐looking and subject to the Safe Harbor 
provisions created by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements include, but are not limited to: PDF’s positioning for, and ability to achieve, future growth, higher margins, or more predictable revenue; PDF’s ability to accurately predict future trends and customer needs; PDF’s development of products and services sought by the market; and, PDF’s ability to support solutions and cust omer s use of PDF ’s products and services. Actual results could 
differ materially from those projected in any forward‐looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially include the risks set forth in PDF’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including any changes in the marketplace for semiconductor analytics products, including the introduction of products or services competitive with those of PDF. The forward‐looking statements made in this Report are made as of the date hereof, and PDF does not assume any obligation to update such statements nor the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those projected in such statements.
© 202 5 PDF Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks used herein are the property of PDF Solutions, Inc. or its affiliates. CORPORATE INFORMATION
MANAGEMENT TEAM 
John K. Kibarian, Ph.D. 
Chief Executive Officer, President and Co‐Founder 
Adnan Raza 
Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
Kimon Michaels, Ph.D. 
Executive Vice President, Products and Solutions and Co‐Founder 
Andrzej Strojwas, Ph.D. 
Chief Technology OfficerBOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Joseph R. Bronson 
 
 Principal and Chief Executive Officer, 
ronson Group, LLC;
John K. Kibarian, Ph.D.
Chief Executive Officer, President and Co‐Founder
Ye Jane LiStrategic Advisor for Diversis Capital; 
Director, Knowles Corporation ; 
Chairperson, Semtech Corporation
Kimon Michaels, Ph.D. Executive Vice President, Products and Solutions and Co‐Founder 
Shuo Zhang 
Chief Executive Officer and General Partner, ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Tuesd
ay, June 1 7, 202 5 
PDF Solutions, Inc. 
2858 De La Cruz Boulevard Santa Clara, CA 95050 
EXCHANGE AND STOCK 
MARKET LISTING Nasdaq Stock Market: PDFS 
TRANSFER AGENT AND 
REGISTRAR Computershare	Investor	Services	150	Royall	St.	
LEGAL COUNSEL 
Latham and Watkins LLP 
140 Scott Drive 
Menlo Park, CA 94025 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
BPM LLP 10 Almaden Boulevard Suite 1000 San Jose, CA 95113 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
PDF Solutions, Inc. 
2858 De La Cruz Blvd 
Santa Clara, California 95050 
Tel: +1 408 280 7900 
 
http://www.pdf.com 
Renascia Pa rtners LLC ; 
Director, SOITEC SA ; 
Director,Canton, MA	02021
https://ir.pdf.com/information-requestThe B
Director , Zircon Corporation
Chi-Foon	Chan,	Ph.D.
Member	of	the	Board	of	Advisors	for	
TMFG	Group	at	Intel	Corporation
’(a Nokia subsidiary )
Grid Dynamics Holding, Inc.Michael B. Gustafson 
Executive Chairman and Independent Board 
Direc tor, Druva, Inc. 
Director, Matterport, Inc. Nancy Erba Chief Financial Officer, Infinera Corporation OTHER OFFICE LOCATIONS 
USA 1469 N. Milpitas Blvd.
Milpitas, CA 95035
21925 Field Parkway, Suite 200
Deer Park, IL 60010
2840 Liberty Ave., Suite 204 
Pittsburgh, PA 15222
101 West Renner Road, Suite 315
Richardson, TX 75082
6979 High Tech Drive
Canada 
China U nit 912 03-1204, Building 2#, No. 51, Zhengxue Road
Pudong, Shanghai 200433
France 45 Place Jacques Mirouze, Espace Pitot 
34000 Montpellier
Germany Schwanthalerstrasse 10 
Munich, D-80336
Italy Via Roma, 10 
25015 Desenzano del Garda (Brescia)
Japan 
Trojan Building #201, 5-48-2, Chojmachi, Naka- ku
Yokohama-Shi Kanagawa, 231-0033
Republic of Korea Suite 703,7F, Woorim W-CITY,9-22, 
Pangyo-ro 255beon-gil, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 13486
Taiwan (R.O.C.) 5F-3, No.38, Taiyuan St. 
Zhubei City, Hsinchu County 30265
15F., No. 12-16, Sec. 2, Zhongyang S. Rd.
Beitou District, Taipei City 11270CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS – USA 
2858 De La Cruz Boulevard 
Santa Clara, CA 95050 
Tel: 408-280-7900 
info@pdf.com
OTHER OFFICE LOCATIONS 
USA 1469 N. Milpitas Blvd.
Milpitas, CA 95035
21805 Field Parkway, Suite 360
Deer Park, IL 60010
2840 Liberty Ave., Suite 204 
Pittsburgh, PA 15222
101 West Renner Road, Suite 315
Richardson, TX 75082
6979 High Tech Drive
Salt Lake City, UT 84047
Canada 
China Unit -1203-1204, Building 2#, No. 51, Zhengxue Road
Pudong, Shanghai 200433
France 45 Place Jacques Mirouze, Espace Pitot 
34000 Montpellier
Germany Schwanthalerstrasse 10 
Munich, D-80336
Italy Via Roma, 10 
25015 Desenzano del Garda (Brescia)
Japan 
Yoyogi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, 151-0053
Trojan Building #201, 5-48-2, Chojmachi, Naka- ku
Yokohama-Shi Kanagawa, 231-0033
Republic of Korea Suite 703,7F, Woorim W-CITY,9-22, 
Pangyo-ro 255beon-gil, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 13486
Taiwan (R.O.C.) 5F-3, No.38, Taiyuan St. 
Zhubei City, Hsinchu County 30265
15F., No. 12-16, Sec. 2, Zhongyang S. Rd.
Beitou District, Taipei City 11270CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS – USA 
2858 De La Cruz Boulevard 
Santa Clara, CA 95050 
Tel: 408-280-7900 
https://ir.pdf.com/information-request
OTHER OFFICE LOCATIONS 
USA 1469 N. Milpitas Blvd.
Milpitas, CA 95035
21925 Field Parkway, Suite 200
Deer Park, IL 60010
2840 Liberty Ave., Suite 204 
Pittsburgh, PA 15222
101 West Renner Road, Suite 315
Richardson, TX 75082
6979 High Tech Drive
Canada 
China U nit 91 03-1204, Building 2#, No. 51, Zhengxue Road
Pudong, Shanghai 200433
France 45 Place Jacques Mirouze, Espace Pitot 
34000 Montpellier
Germany Schwanthalerstrasse 10 
Munich, D-80336
Italy Via Roma, 10 
25015 Desenzano del Garda (Brescia)
Japan 
Trojan Building #201, 5-48-2, Chojmachi, Naka- ku
Yokohama-Shi Kanagawa, 231-0033
Republic of Korea Suite 703,7F, Woorim W-CITY,9-22, 
Pangyo-ro 255beon-gil, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 13486
Taiwan (R.O.C.) 5F-3, No.38, Taiyuan St. 
Zhubei City, Hsinchu County 30265
15F., No. 12-16, Sec. 2, Zhongyang S. Rd.
Beitou District, Taipei City 11270CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS – USA 
2858 De La Cruz Boulevard 
Santa Clara, CA 95050 
Tel: 408-280-7900 
info@pdf.com
1-58-7 V.H.401
P31777
004CTN3F70555 W. Hastings Street
 Vancouver, BC V6B 4N4